folder: thyroid_00
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_00\0_US_comp 1.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_00\0_US_comp 1.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_00\0_US_comp 1001.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_00\0_US_comp 1001.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_00\0_US_comp 1002.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_00\0_US_comp 1002.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_00\0_US_comp 1003.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_00\0_US_comp 1003.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_00\0_US_comp 1004.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_00\0_US_comp 1004.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_00\0_US_comp 1005.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_00\0_US_comp 1005.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_00\0_US_comp 1006.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_00\0_US_comp 1006.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_00\0_US_comp 1007.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_00\0_US_comp 1007.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_00\0_US_comp 1008.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_00\0_US_comp 1008.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_00\0_US_comp 1009.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_00\0_US_comp 1009.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_00\0_US_comp 1010.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_00\0_US_comp 1010.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_00\0_US_comp 1011.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_00\0_US_comp 1011.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_00\0_US_comp 1012.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_00\0_US_comp 1012.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_00\0_US_comp 1013.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_00\0_US_comp 1013.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_00\0_US_comp 1014.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_00\0_US_comp 1014.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_00\0_US_comp 1015.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_00\0_US_comp 1015.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_00\0_US_comp 1016.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_00\0_US_comp 1016.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_00\0_US_comp 1017.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_00\0_US_comp 1017.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_00\0_US_comp 1018.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_00\0_US_comp 1018.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_00\0_US_comp 1019.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_00\0_US_comp 1019.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_00\0_US_comp 1020.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_00\0_US_comp 1020.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_00\0_US_comp 1021.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_00\0_US_comp 1021.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_00\0_US_comp 1022.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_00\0_US_comp 1022.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_00\0_US_comp 1023.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_00\0_US_comp 1023.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_00\0_US_comp 1024.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_00\0_US_comp 1024.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_00\0_US_comp 1025.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_00\0_US_comp 1025.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_00\0_US_comp 1026.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_00\0_US_comp 1026.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_00\0_US_comp 1027.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_00\0_US_comp 1027.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_00\0_US_comp 1028.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_00\0_US_comp 1028.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_00\0_US_comp 1029.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_00\0_US_comp 1029.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_00\0_US_comp 1030.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_00\0_US_comp 1030.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_00\0_US_comp 1031.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_00\0_US_comp 1031.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_00\0_US_comp 1032.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_00\0_US_comp 1032.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_00\0_US_comp 1033.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_00\0_US_comp 1033.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_00\0_US_comp 1034.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_00\0_US_comp 1034.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_00\0_US_comp 1035.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_00\0_US_comp 1035.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_00\0_US_comp 1036.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_00\0_US_comp 1036.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_00\0_US_comp 1037.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_00\0_US_comp 1037.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_00\0_US_comp 1038.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_00\0_US_comp 1038.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_00\0_US_comp 1039.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_00\0_US_comp 1039.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_00\0_US_comp 1040.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_00\0_US_comp 1040.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_00\0_US_comp 1041.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_00\0_US_comp 1041.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_00\0_US_comp 1042.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_00\0_US_comp 1042.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_00\0_US_comp 1043.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_00\0_US_comp 1043.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_00\0_US_comp 1044.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_00\0_US_comp 1044.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_00\0_US_comp 1045.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_00\0_US_comp 1045.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_00\0_US_comp 1046.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_00\0_US_comp 1046.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_00\0_US_comp 1047.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_00\0_US_comp 1047.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_00\0_US_comp 1048.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_00\0_US_comp 1048.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_00\0_US_comp 1049.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_00\0_US_comp 1049.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_00\0_US_comp 1050.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_00\0_US_comp 1050.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_00\0_US_comp 1051.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_00\0_US_comp 1051.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_00\0_US_comp 1052.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_00\0_US_comp 1052.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_00\0_US_comp 1053.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_00\0_US_comp 1053.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_00\0_US_comp 1054.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_00\0_US_comp 1054.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_00\0_US_comp 1055.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_00\0_US_comp 1055.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_00\0_US_comp 1056.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_00\0_US_comp 1056.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_00\0_US_comp 1057.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_00\0_US_comp 1057.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_00\0_US_comp 1058.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_00\0_US_comp 1058.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_00\0_US_comp 1059.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_00\0_US_comp 1059.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_00\0_US_comp 1060.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_00\0_US_comp 1060.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_00\0_US_comp 1061.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_00\0_US_comp 1061.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_00\0_US_comp 1062.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_00\0_US_comp 1062.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_00\0_US_comp 1063.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_00\0_US_comp 1063.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_00\0_US_comp 1064.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_00\0_US_comp 1064.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_00\0_US_comp 1612.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_00\0_US_comp 1612.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_00\0_US_comp 1613.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_00\0_US_comp 1613.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_00\0_US_comp 1614.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_00\0_US_comp 1614.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_00\0_US_comp 1615.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_00\0_US_comp 1615.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_00\0_US_comp 1616.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_00\0_US_comp 1616.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_00\0_US_comp 1617.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_00\0_US_comp 1617.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_00\0_US_comp 1618.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_00\0_US_comp 1618.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_00\0_US_comp 1619.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_00\0_US_comp 1619.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_00\0_US_comp 1620.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_00\0_US_comp 1620.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_00\0_US_comp 1621.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_00\0_US_comp 1621.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_00\0_US_comp 1622.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_00\0_US_comp 1622.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_00\0_US_comp 1623.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_00\0_US_comp 1623.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_00\0_US_comp 1624.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_00\0_US_comp 1624.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_00\0_US_comp 1625.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_00\0_US_comp 1625.png
folder: thyroid_01
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_01\1_US_comp 1.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_01\1_US_comp 1.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_01\1_US_comp 1001.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_01\1_US_comp 1001.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_01\1_US_comp 1002.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_01\1_US_comp 1002.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_01\1_US_comp 1003.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_01\1_US_comp 1003.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_01\1_US_comp 1004.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_01\1_US_comp 1004.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_01\1_US_comp 1005.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_01\1_US_comp 1005.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_01\1_US_comp 1006.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_01\1_US_comp 1006.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_01\1_US_comp 1007.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_01\1_US_comp 1007.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_01\1_US_comp 1008.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_01\1_US_comp 1008.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_01\1_US_comp 1009.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_01\1_US_comp 1009.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_01\1_US_comp 1010.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_01\1_US_comp 1010.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_01\1_US_comp 1011.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_01\1_US_comp 1011.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_01\1_US_comp 1012.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_01\1_US_comp 1012.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_01\1_US_comp 1013.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_01\1_US_comp 1013.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_01\1_US_comp 1014.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_01\1_US_comp 1014.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_01\1_US_comp 1015.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_01\1_US_comp 1015.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_01\1_US_comp 1016.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_01\1_US_comp 1016.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_01\1_US_comp 1017.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_01\1_US_comp 1017.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_01\1_US_comp 1018.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_01\1_US_comp 1018.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_01\1_US_comp 1019.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_01\1_US_comp 1019.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_01\1_US_comp 1020.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_01\1_US_comp 1020.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_01\1_US_comp 1021.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_01\1_US_comp 1021.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_01\1_US_comp 1022.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_01\1_US_comp 1022.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_01\1_US_comp 1023.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_01\1_US_comp 1023.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_01\1_US_comp 1024.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_01\1_US_comp 1024.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_01\1_US_comp 1025.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_01\1_US_comp 1025.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_01\1_US_comp 1026.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_01\1_US_comp 1026.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_01\1_US_comp 1027.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_01\1_US_comp 1027.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_01\1_US_comp 1028.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_01\1_US_comp 1028.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_01\1_US_comp 1029.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_01\1_US_comp 1029.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_01\1_US_comp 1030.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_01\1_US_comp 1030.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_01\1_US_comp 1031.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_01\1_US_comp 1031.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_01\1_US_comp 1032.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_01\1_US_comp 1032.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_01\1_US_comp 1033.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_01\1_US_comp 1033.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_01\1_US_comp 1034.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_01\1_US_comp 1034.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_01\1_US_comp 1035.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_01\1_US_comp 1035.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_01\1_US_comp 1036.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_01\1_US_comp 1036.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_01\1_US_comp 1037.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_01\1_US_comp 1037.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_01\1_US_comp 1038.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_01\1_US_comp 1038.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_01\1_US_comp 1039.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_01\1_US_comp 1039.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_01\1_US_comp 1040.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_01\1_US_comp 1040.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_01\1_US_comp 1041.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_01\1_US_comp 1041.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_01\1_US_comp 1042.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_01\1_US_comp 1042.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_01\1_US_comp 1043.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_01\1_US_comp 1043.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_01\1_US_comp 1044.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_01\1_US_comp 1044.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_01\1_US_comp 1045.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_01\1_US_comp 1045.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_01\1_US_comp 1046.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_01\1_US_comp 1046.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_01\1_US_comp 1047.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_01\1_US_comp 1047.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_01\1_US_comp 1048.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_01\1_US_comp 1048.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_01\1_US_comp 1049.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_01\1_US_comp 1049.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_01\1_US_comp 1050.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_01\1_US_comp 1050.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_01\1_US_comp 1051.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_01\1_US_comp 1051.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_01\1_US_comp 1052.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_01\1_US_comp 1052.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_01\1_US_comp 1053.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_01\1_US_comp 1053.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_01\1_US_comp 1054.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_01\1_US_comp 1054.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_01\1_US_comp 1055.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_01\1_US_comp 1055.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_01\1_US_comp 1056.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_01\1_US_comp 1056.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_01\1_US_comp 1057.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_01\1_US_comp 1057.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_01\1_US_comp 1058.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_01\1_US_comp 1058.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_01\1_US_comp 1059.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_01\1_US_comp 1059.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_01\1_US_comp 1060.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_01\1_US_comp 1060.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_01\1_US_comp 1061.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_01\1_US_comp 1061.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_01\1_US_comp 1062.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_01\1_US_comp 1062.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_01\1_US_comp 1063.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_01\1_US_comp 1063.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_01\1_US_comp 1064.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_01\1_US_comp 1064.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_01\1_US_comp 1065.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_01\1_US_comp 1065.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_01\1_US_comp 1066.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_01\1_US_comp 1066.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_01\1_US_comp 1067.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_01\1_US_comp 1067.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_01\1_US_comp 1068.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_01\1_US_comp 1068.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_01\1_US_comp 1069.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_01\1_US_comp 1069.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_01\1_US_comp 1070.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_01\1_US_comp 1070.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_01\1_US_comp 1071.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_01\1_US_comp 1071.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_01\1_US_comp 1072.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_01\1_US_comp 1072.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_01\1_US_comp 1073.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_01\1_US_comp 1073.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_01\1_US_comp 1074.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_01\1_US_comp 1074.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_01\1_US_comp 1075.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_01\1_US_comp 1075.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_01\1_US_comp 1076.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_01\1_US_comp 1076.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_01\1_US_comp 1077.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_01\1_US_comp 1077.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_01\1_US_comp 1078.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_01\1_US_comp 1078.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_01\1_US_comp 1079.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_01\1_US_comp 1079.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_01\1_US_comp 1080.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_01\1_US_comp 1080.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_01\1_US_comp 1081.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_01\1_US_comp 1081.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_01\1_US_comp 1082.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_01\1_US_comp 1082.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_01\1_US_comp 1083.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_01\1_US_comp 1083.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_01\1_US_comp 1084.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_01\1_US_comp 1084.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_01\1_US_comp 1085.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_01\1_US_comp 1085.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_01\1_US_comp 1086.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_01\1_US_comp 1086.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_01\1_US_comp 1087.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_01\1_US_comp 1087.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_01\1_US_comp 1088.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_01\1_US_comp 1088.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_01\1_US_comp 1089.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_01\1_US_comp 1089.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_01\1_US_comp 1090.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_01\1_US_comp 1090.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_01\1_US_comp 1091.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_01\1_US_comp 1091.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_01\1_US_comp 1092.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_01\1_US_comp 1092.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_01\1_US_comp 1093.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_01\1_US_comp 1093.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_01\1_US_comp 1094.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_01\1_US_comp 1094.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_01\1_US_comp 1095.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_01\1_US_comp 1095.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_01\1_US_comp 1096.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_01\1_US_comp 1096.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_01\1_US_comp 1097.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_01\1_US_comp 1097.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_01\1_US_comp 1098.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_01\1_US_comp 1098.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_01\1_US_comp 1099.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_01\1_US_comp 1099.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_01\1_US_comp 1100.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_01\1_US_comp 1100.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_01\1_US_comp 1101.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_01\1_US_comp 1101.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_01\1_US_comp 1102.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_01\1_US_comp 1102.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_01\1_US_comp 1103.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_01\1_US_comp 1103.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_01\1_US_comp 1104.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_01\1_US_comp 1104.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_01\1_US_comp 1105.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_01\1_US_comp 1105.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_01\1_US_comp 1106.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_01\1_US_comp 1106.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_01\1_US_comp 1107.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_01\1_US_comp 1107.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_01\1_US_comp 1108.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_01\1_US_comp 1108.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_01\1_US_comp 1109.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_01\1_US_comp 1109.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_01\1_US_comp 1110.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_01\1_US_comp 1110.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_01\1_US_comp 1111.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_01\1_US_comp 1111.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_01\1_US_comp 1112.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_01\1_US_comp 1112.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_01\1_US_comp 1113.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_01\1_US_comp 1113.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_01\1_US_comp 1114.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_01\1_US_comp 1114.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_01\1_US_comp 1115.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_01\1_US_comp 1115.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_01\1_US_comp 1116.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_01\1_US_comp 1116.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_01\1_US_comp 1117.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_01\1_US_comp 1117.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_01\1_US_comp 1799.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_01\1_US_comp 1799.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_01\1_US_comp 1800.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_01\1_US_comp 1800.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_01\1_US_comp 1801.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_01\1_US_comp 1801.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_01\1_US_comp 1802.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_01\1_US_comp 1802.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_01\1_US_comp 1803.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_01\1_US_comp 1803.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_01\1_US_comp 1804.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_01\1_US_comp 1804.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_01\1_US_comp 1805.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_01\1_US_comp 1805.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_01\1_US_comp 1806.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_01\1_US_comp 1806.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_01\1_US_comp 1807.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_01\1_US_comp 1807.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_01\1_US_comp 1808.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_01\1_US_comp 1808.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_01\1_US_comp 1809.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_01\1_US_comp 1809.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_01\1_US_comp 1810.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_01\1_US_comp 1810.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_01\1_US_comp 1811.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_01\1_US_comp 1811.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_01\1_US_comp 1812.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_01\1_US_comp 1812.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_01\1_US_comp 1813.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_01\1_US_comp 1813.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_01\1_US_comp 1814.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_01\1_US_comp 1814.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_01\1_US_comp 1815.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_01\1_US_comp 1815.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_01\1_US_comp 1816.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_01\1_US_comp 1816.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_01\1_US_comp 1817.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_01\1_US_comp 1817.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_01\1_US_comp 1818.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_01\1_US_comp 1818.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_01\1_US_comp 1819.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_01\1_US_comp 1819.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_01\1_US_comp 1820.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_01\1_US_comp 1820.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_01\1_US_comp 1821.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_01\1_US_comp 1821.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_01\1_US_comp 1822.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_01\1_US_comp 1822.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_01\1_US_comp 1823.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_01\1_US_comp 1823.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_01\1_US_comp 1824.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_01\1_US_comp 1824.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_01\1_US_comp 1825.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_01\1_US_comp 1825.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_01\1_US_comp 1826.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_01\1_US_comp 1826.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_01\1_US_comp 1827.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_01\1_US_comp 1827.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_01\1_US_comp 1828.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_01\1_US_comp 1828.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_01\1_US_comp 1829.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_01\1_US_comp 1829.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_01\1_US_comp 1830.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_01\1_US_comp 1830.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_01\1_US_comp 1831.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_01\1_US_comp 1831.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_01\1_US_comp 1832.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_01\1_US_comp 1832.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_01\1_US_comp 1833.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_01\1_US_comp 1833.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_01\1_US_comp 1834.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_01\1_US_comp 1834.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_01\1_US_comp 1835.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_01\1_US_comp 1835.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_01\1_US_comp 1836.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_01\1_US_comp 1836.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_01\1_US_comp 1837.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_01\1_US_comp 1837.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_01\1_US_comp 1838.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_01\1_US_comp 1838.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_01\1_US_comp 1839.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_01\1_US_comp 1839.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_01\1_US_comp 1840.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_01\1_US_comp 1840.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_01\1_US_comp 1841.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_01\1_US_comp 1841.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_01\1_US_comp 1842.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_01\1_US_comp 1842.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_01\1_US_comp 1843.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_01\1_US_comp 1843.png
folder: thyroid_02
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_02\2_US_comp 1.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_02\2_US_comp 1.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_02\2_US_comp 1001.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_02\2_US_comp 1001.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_02\2_US_comp 1002.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_02\2_US_comp 1002.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_02\2_US_comp 1003.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_02\2_US_comp 1003.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_02\2_US_comp 1004.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_02\2_US_comp 1004.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_02\2_US_comp 1005.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_02\2_US_comp 1005.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_02\2_US_comp 1006.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_02\2_US_comp 1006.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_02\2_US_comp 1007.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_02\2_US_comp 1007.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_02\2_US_comp 1008.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_02\2_US_comp 1008.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_02\2_US_comp 1009.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_02\2_US_comp 1009.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_02\2_US_comp 1010.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_02\2_US_comp 1010.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_02\2_US_comp 1011.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_02\2_US_comp 1011.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_02\2_US_comp 1012.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_02\2_US_comp 1012.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_02\2_US_comp 1013.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_02\2_US_comp 1013.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_02\2_US_comp 1014.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_02\2_US_comp 1014.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_02\2_US_comp 1015.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_02\2_US_comp 1015.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_02\2_US_comp 1016.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_02\2_US_comp 1016.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_02\2_US_comp 1017.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_02\2_US_comp 1017.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_02\2_US_comp 1018.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_02\2_US_comp 1018.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_02\2_US_comp 1019.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_02\2_US_comp 1019.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_02\2_US_comp 1020.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_02\2_US_comp 1020.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_02\2_US_comp 1021.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_02\2_US_comp 1021.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_02\2_US_comp 1022.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_02\2_US_comp 1022.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_02\2_US_comp 1023.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_02\2_US_comp 1023.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_02\2_US_comp 1024.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_02\2_US_comp 1024.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_02\2_US_comp 1025.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_02\2_US_comp 1025.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_02\2_US_comp 1026.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_02\2_US_comp 1026.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_02\2_US_comp 1027.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_02\2_US_comp 1027.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_02\2_US_comp 1028.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_02\2_US_comp 1028.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_02\2_US_comp 1029.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_02\2_US_comp 1029.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_02\2_US_comp 1030.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_02\2_US_comp 1030.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_02\2_US_comp 1031.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_02\2_US_comp 1031.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_02\2_US_comp 1032.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_02\2_US_comp 1032.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_02\2_US_comp 1033.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_02\2_US_comp 1033.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_02\2_US_comp 1034.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_02\2_US_comp 1034.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_02\2_US_comp 1035.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_02\2_US_comp 1035.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_02\2_US_comp 1036.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_02\2_US_comp 1036.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_02\2_US_comp 1037.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_02\2_US_comp 1037.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_02\2_US_comp 1038.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_02\2_US_comp 1038.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_02\2_US_comp 1039.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_02\2_US_comp 1039.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_02\2_US_comp 1040.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_02\2_US_comp 1040.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_02\2_US_comp 1041.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_02\2_US_comp 1041.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_02\2_US_comp 1042.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_02\2_US_comp 1042.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_02\2_US_comp 1043.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_02\2_US_comp 1043.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_02\2_US_comp 1044.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_02\2_US_comp 1044.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_02\2_US_comp 1045.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_02\2_US_comp 1045.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_02\2_US_comp 1046.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_02\2_US_comp 1046.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_02\2_US_comp 1047.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_02\2_US_comp 1047.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_02\2_US_comp 1048.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_02\2_US_comp 1048.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_02\2_US_comp 1049.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_02\2_US_comp 1049.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_02\2_US_comp 1050.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_02\2_US_comp 1050.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_02\2_US_comp 1051.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_02\2_US_comp 1051.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_02\2_US_comp 1052.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_02\2_US_comp 1052.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_02\2_US_comp 1053.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_02\2_US_comp 1053.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_02\2_US_comp 1054.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_02\2_US_comp 1054.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_02\2_US_comp 1055.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_02\2_US_comp 1055.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_02\2_US_comp 1056.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_02\2_US_comp 1056.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_02\2_US_comp 1057.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_02\2_US_comp 1057.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_02\2_US_comp 1058.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_02\2_US_comp 1058.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_02\2_US_comp 1059.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_02\2_US_comp 1059.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_02\2_US_comp 1060.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_02\2_US_comp 1060.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_02\2_US_comp 1061.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_02\2_US_comp 1061.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_02\2_US_comp 1062.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_02\2_US_comp 1062.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_02\2_US_comp 1063.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_02\2_US_comp 1063.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_02\2_US_comp 1064.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_02\2_US_comp 1064.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_02\2_US_comp 1065.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_02\2_US_comp 1065.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_02\2_US_comp 1066.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_02\2_US_comp 1066.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_02\2_US_comp 1067.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_02\2_US_comp 1067.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_02\2_US_comp 1068.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_02\2_US_comp 1068.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_02\2_US_comp 1069.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_02\2_US_comp 1069.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_02\2_US_comp 1070.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_02\2_US_comp 1070.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_02\2_US_comp 1071.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_02\2_US_comp 1071.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_02\2_US_comp 1072.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_02\2_US_comp 1072.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_02\2_US_comp 1607.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_02\2_US_comp 1607.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_02\2_US_comp 1608.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_02\2_US_comp 1608.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_02\2_US_comp 1609.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_02\2_US_comp 1609.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_02\2_US_comp 1610.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_02\2_US_comp 1610.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_02\2_US_comp 1611.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_02\2_US_comp 1611.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_02\2_US_comp 1612.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_02\2_US_comp 1612.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_02\2_US_comp 1613.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_02\2_US_comp 1613.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_02\2_US_comp 1614.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_02\2_US_comp 1614.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_02\2_US_comp 1615.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_02\2_US_comp 1615.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_02\2_US_comp 1616.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_02\2_US_comp 1616.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_02\2_US_comp 1617.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_02\2_US_comp 1617.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_02\2_US_comp 1618.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_02\2_US_comp 1618.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_02\2_US_comp 1619.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_02\2_US_comp 1619.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_02\2_US_comp 1620.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_02\2_US_comp 1620.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_02\2_US_comp 1621.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_02\2_US_comp 1621.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_02\2_US_comp 1622.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_02\2_US_comp 1622.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_02\2_US_comp 1629.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_02\2_US_comp 1629.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_02\2_US_comp 1630.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_02\2_US_comp 1630.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_02\2_US_comp 1631.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_02\2_US_comp 1631.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_02\2_US_comp 1632.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_02\2_US_comp 1632.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_02\2_US_comp 1633.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_02\2_US_comp 1633.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_02\2_US_comp 1634.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_02\2_US_comp 1634.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_02\2_US_comp 1635.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_02\2_US_comp 1635.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_02\2_US_comp 1636.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_02\2_US_comp 1636.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_02\2_US_comp 1637.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_02\2_US_comp 1637.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_02\2_US_comp 1638.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_02\2_US_comp 1638.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_02\2_US_comp 1639.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_02\2_US_comp 1639.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_02\2_US_comp 1640.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_02\2_US_comp 1640.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_02\2_US_comp 1641.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_02\2_US_comp 1641.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_02\2_US_comp 1642.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_02\2_US_comp 1642.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_02\2_US_comp 1643.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_02\2_US_comp 1643.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_02\2_US_comp 1644.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_02\2_US_comp 1644.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_02\2_US_comp 1645.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_02\2_US_comp 1645.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_02\2_US_comp 1646.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_02\2_US_comp 1646.png
folder: thyroid_03
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_03\3_US_comp 1.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_03\3_US_comp 1.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_03\3_US_comp 1001.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_03\3_US_comp 1001.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_03\3_US_comp 1002.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_03\3_US_comp 1002.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_03\3_US_comp 1003.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_03\3_US_comp 1003.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_03\3_US_comp 1004.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_03\3_US_comp 1004.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_03\3_US_comp 1005.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_03\3_US_comp 1005.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_03\3_US_comp 1006.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_03\3_US_comp 1006.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_03\3_US_comp 1007.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_03\3_US_comp 1007.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_03\3_US_comp 1008.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_03\3_US_comp 1008.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_03\3_US_comp 1009.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_03\3_US_comp 1009.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_03\3_US_comp 1010.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_03\3_US_comp 1010.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_03\3_US_comp 1011.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_03\3_US_comp 1011.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_03\3_US_comp 1012.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_03\3_US_comp 1012.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_03\3_US_comp 1013.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_03\3_US_comp 1013.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_03\3_US_comp 1014.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_03\3_US_comp 1014.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_03\3_US_comp 1015.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_03\3_US_comp 1015.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_03\3_US_comp 1016.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_03\3_US_comp 1016.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_03\3_US_comp 1017.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_03\3_US_comp 1017.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_03\3_US_comp 1018.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_03\3_US_comp 1018.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_03\3_US_comp 1019.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_03\3_US_comp 1019.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_03\3_US_comp 1020.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_03\3_US_comp 1020.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_03\3_US_comp 1021.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_03\3_US_comp 1021.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_03\3_US_comp 1022.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_03\3_US_comp 1022.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_03\3_US_comp 1023.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_03\3_US_comp 1023.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_03\3_US_comp 1024.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_03\3_US_comp 1024.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_03\3_US_comp 1025.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_03\3_US_comp 1025.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_03\3_US_comp 1026.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_03\3_US_comp 1026.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_03\3_US_comp 1027.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_03\3_US_comp 1027.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_03\3_US_comp 1028.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_03\3_US_comp 1028.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_03\3_US_comp 1029.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_03\3_US_comp 1029.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_03\3_US_comp 1030.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_03\3_US_comp 1030.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_03\3_US_comp 1031.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_03\3_US_comp 1031.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_03\3_US_comp 1032.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_03\3_US_comp 1032.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_03\3_US_comp 1033.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_03\3_US_comp 1033.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_03\3_US_comp 1034.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_03\3_US_comp 1034.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_03\3_US_comp 1035.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_03\3_US_comp 1035.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_03\3_US_comp 1036.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_03\3_US_comp 1036.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_03\3_US_comp 1037.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_03\3_US_comp 1037.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_03\3_US_comp 1038.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_03\3_US_comp 1038.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_03\3_US_comp 1039.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_03\3_US_comp 1039.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_03\3_US_comp 1040.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_03\3_US_comp 1040.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_03\3_US_comp 1041.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_03\3_US_comp 1041.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_03\3_US_comp 1042.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_03\3_US_comp 1042.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_03\3_US_comp 1043.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_03\3_US_comp 1043.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_03\3_US_comp 1044.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_03\3_US_comp 1044.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_03\3_US_comp 1045.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_03\3_US_comp 1045.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_03\3_US_comp 1046.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_03\3_US_comp 1046.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_03\3_US_comp 1047.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_03\3_US_comp 1047.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_03\3_US_comp 1048.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_03\3_US_comp 1048.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_03\3_US_comp 1049.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_03\3_US_comp 1049.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_03\3_US_comp 1050.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_03\3_US_comp 1050.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_03\3_US_comp 1051.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_03\3_US_comp 1051.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_03\3_US_comp 1052.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_03\3_US_comp 1052.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_03\3_US_comp 1053.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_03\3_US_comp 1053.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_03\3_US_comp 1054.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_03\3_US_comp 1054.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_03\3_US_comp 1055.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_03\3_US_comp 1055.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_03\3_US_comp 1056.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_03\3_US_comp 1056.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_03\3_US_comp 1057.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_03\3_US_comp 1057.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_03\3_US_comp 1058.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_03\3_US_comp 1058.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_03\3_US_comp 1059.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_03\3_US_comp 1059.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_03\3_US_comp 1060.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_03\3_US_comp 1060.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_03\3_US_comp 1061.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_03\3_US_comp 1061.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_03\3_US_comp 1062.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_03\3_US_comp 1062.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_03\3_US_comp 1063.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_03\3_US_comp 1063.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_03\3_US_comp 1064.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_03\3_US_comp 1064.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_03\3_US_comp 1065.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_03\3_US_comp 1065.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_03\3_US_comp 1066.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_03\3_US_comp 1066.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_03\3_US_comp 1067.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_03\3_US_comp 1067.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_03\3_US_comp 1068.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_03\3_US_comp 1068.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_03\3_US_comp 1069.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_03\3_US_comp 1069.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_03\3_US_comp 1070.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_03\3_US_comp 1070.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_03\3_US_comp 1071.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_03\3_US_comp 1071.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_03\3_US_comp 1072.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_03\3_US_comp 1072.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_03\3_US_comp 1073.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_03\3_US_comp 1073.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_03\3_US_comp 1074.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_03\3_US_comp 1074.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_03\3_US_comp 1075.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_03\3_US_comp 1075.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_03\3_US_comp 1076.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_03\3_US_comp 1076.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_03\3_US_comp 1077.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_03\3_US_comp 1077.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_03\3_US_comp 1078.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_03\3_US_comp 1078.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_03\3_US_comp 1079.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_03\3_US_comp 1079.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_03\3_US_comp 1080.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_03\3_US_comp 1080.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_03\3_US_comp 1081.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_03\3_US_comp 1081.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_03\3_US_comp 1082.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_03\3_US_comp 1082.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_03\3_US_comp 1083.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_03\3_US_comp 1083.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_03\3_US_comp 1084.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_03\3_US_comp 1084.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_03\3_US_comp 1754.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_03\3_US_comp 1754.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_03\3_US_comp 1755.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_03\3_US_comp 1755.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_03\3_US_comp 1756.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_03\3_US_comp 1756.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_03\3_US_comp 1757.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_03\3_US_comp 1757.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_03\3_US_comp 1758.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_03\3_US_comp 1758.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_03\3_US_comp 1759.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_03\3_US_comp 1759.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_03\3_US_comp 1760.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_03\3_US_comp 1760.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_03\3_US_comp 1761.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_03\3_US_comp 1761.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_03\3_US_comp 1762.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_03\3_US_comp 1762.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_03\3_US_comp 1763.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_03\3_US_comp 1763.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_03\3_US_comp 1764.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_03\3_US_comp 1764.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_03\3_US_comp 1765.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_03\3_US_comp 1765.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_03\3_US_comp 1766.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_03\3_US_comp 1766.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_03\3_US_comp 1767.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_03\3_US_comp 1767.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_03\3_US_comp 1768.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_03\3_US_comp 1768.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_03\3_US_comp 1769.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_03\3_US_comp 1769.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_03\3_US_comp 1770.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_03\3_US_comp 1770.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_03\3_US_comp 1771.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_03\3_US_comp 1771.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_03\3_US_comp 1772.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_03\3_US_comp 1772.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_03\3_US_comp 1773.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_03\3_US_comp 1773.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_03\3_US_comp 1774.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_03\3_US_comp 1774.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_03\3_US_comp 1775.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_03\3_US_comp 1775.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_03\3_US_comp 1776.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_03\3_US_comp 1776.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_03\3_US_comp 1777.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_03\3_US_comp 1777.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_03\3_US_comp 1778.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_03\3_US_comp 1778.png
folder: thyroid_04
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_04\4_US_comp 1.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_04\4_US_comp 1.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_04\4_US_comp 1001.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_04\4_US_comp 1001.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_04\4_US_comp 1002.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_04\4_US_comp 1002.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_04\4_US_comp 1003.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_04\4_US_comp 1003.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_04\4_US_comp 1004.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_04\4_US_comp 1004.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_04\4_US_comp 1005.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_04\4_US_comp 1005.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_04\4_US_comp 1006.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_04\4_US_comp 1006.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_04\4_US_comp 1007.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_04\4_US_comp 1007.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_04\4_US_comp 1008.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_04\4_US_comp 1008.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_04\4_US_comp 1009.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_04\4_US_comp 1009.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_04\4_US_comp 1010.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_04\4_US_comp 1010.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_04\4_US_comp 1011.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_04\4_US_comp 1011.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_04\4_US_comp 1012.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_04\4_US_comp 1012.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_04\4_US_comp 1013.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_04\4_US_comp 1013.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_04\4_US_comp 1014.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_04\4_US_comp 1014.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_04\4_US_comp 1015.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_04\4_US_comp 1015.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_04\4_US_comp 1016.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_04\4_US_comp 1016.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_04\4_US_comp 1017.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_04\4_US_comp 1017.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_04\4_US_comp 1018.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_04\4_US_comp 1018.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_04\4_US_comp 1019.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_04\4_US_comp 1019.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_04\4_US_comp 1020.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_04\4_US_comp 1020.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_04\4_US_comp 1021.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_04\4_US_comp 1021.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_04\4_US_comp 1022.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_04\4_US_comp 1022.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_04\4_US_comp 1023.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_04\4_US_comp 1023.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_04\4_US_comp 1024.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_04\4_US_comp 1024.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_04\4_US_comp 1025.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_04\4_US_comp 1025.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_04\4_US_comp 1026.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_04\4_US_comp 1026.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_04\4_US_comp 1027.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_04\4_US_comp 1027.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_04\4_US_comp 1028.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_04\4_US_comp 1028.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_04\4_US_comp 1029.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_04\4_US_comp 1029.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_04\4_US_comp 1030.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_04\4_US_comp 1030.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_04\4_US_comp 1031.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_04\4_US_comp 1031.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_04\4_US_comp 1032.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_04\4_US_comp 1032.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_04\4_US_comp 1033.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_04\4_US_comp 1033.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_04\4_US_comp 1034.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_04\4_US_comp 1034.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_04\4_US_comp 1035.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_04\4_US_comp 1035.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_04\4_US_comp 1036.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_04\4_US_comp 1036.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_04\4_US_comp 1037.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_04\4_US_comp 1037.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_04\4_US_comp 1038.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_04\4_US_comp 1038.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_04\4_US_comp 1039.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_04\4_US_comp 1039.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_04\4_US_comp 1040.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_04\4_US_comp 1040.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_04\4_US_comp 1041.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_04\4_US_comp 1041.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_04\4_US_comp 1042.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_04\4_US_comp 1042.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_04\4_US_comp 1043.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_04\4_US_comp 1043.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_04\4_US_comp 1044.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_04\4_US_comp 1044.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_04\4_US_comp 1045.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_04\4_US_comp 1045.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_04\4_US_comp 1046.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_04\4_US_comp 1046.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_04\4_US_comp 1047.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_04\4_US_comp 1047.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_04\4_US_comp 1048.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_04\4_US_comp 1048.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_04\4_US_comp 1049.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_04\4_US_comp 1049.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_04\4_US_comp 1050.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_04\4_US_comp 1050.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_04\4_US_comp 1051.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_04\4_US_comp 1051.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_04\4_US_comp 1052.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_04\4_US_comp 1052.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_04\4_US_comp 1053.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_04\4_US_comp 1053.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_04\4_US_comp 1054.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_04\4_US_comp 1054.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_04\4_US_comp 1055.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_04\4_US_comp 1055.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_04\4_US_comp 1056.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_04\4_US_comp 1056.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_04\4_US_comp 1057.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_04\4_US_comp 1057.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_04\4_US_comp 1058.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_04\4_US_comp 1058.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_04\4_US_comp 1059.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_04\4_US_comp 1059.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_04\4_US_comp 1060.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_04\4_US_comp 1060.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_04\4_US_comp 1061.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_04\4_US_comp 1061.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_04\4_US_comp 1062.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_04\4_US_comp 1062.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_04\4_US_comp 1063.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_04\4_US_comp 1063.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_04\4_US_comp 1064.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_04\4_US_comp 1064.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_04\4_US_comp 1065.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_04\4_US_comp 1065.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_04\4_US_comp 1066.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_04\4_US_comp 1066.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_04\4_US_comp 1067.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_04\4_US_comp 1067.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_04\4_US_comp 1068.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_04\4_US_comp 1068.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_04\4_US_comp 1069.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_04\4_US_comp 1069.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_04\4_US_comp 1070.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_04\4_US_comp 1070.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_04\4_US_comp 1071.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_04\4_US_comp 1071.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_04\4_US_comp 1072.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_04\4_US_comp 1072.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_04\4_US_comp 1073.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_04\4_US_comp 1073.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_04\4_US_comp 1074.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_04\4_US_comp 1074.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_04\4_US_comp 1075.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_04\4_US_comp 1075.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_04\4_US_comp 1076.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_04\4_US_comp 1076.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_04\4_US_comp 1077.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_04\4_US_comp 1077.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_04\4_US_comp 1078.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_04\4_US_comp 1078.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_04\4_US_comp 1079.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_04\4_US_comp 1079.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_04\4_US_comp 1080.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_04\4_US_comp 1080.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_04\4_US_comp 1081.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_04\4_US_comp 1081.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_04\4_US_comp 1082.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_04\4_US_comp 1082.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_04\4_US_comp 1083.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_04\4_US_comp 1083.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_04\4_US_comp 1084.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_04\4_US_comp 1084.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_04\4_US_comp 1085.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_04\4_US_comp 1085.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_04\4_US_comp 1086.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_04\4_US_comp 1086.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_04\4_US_comp 1087.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_04\4_US_comp 1087.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_04\4_US_comp 1088.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_04\4_US_comp 1088.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_04\4_US_comp 1089.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_04\4_US_comp 1089.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_04\4_US_comp 1090.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_04\4_US_comp 1090.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_04\4_US_comp 1091.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_04\4_US_comp 1091.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_04\4_US_comp 1092.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_04\4_US_comp 1092.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_04\4_US_comp 1093.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_04\4_US_comp 1093.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_04\4_US_comp 1094.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_04\4_US_comp 1094.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_04\4_US_comp 1693.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_04\4_US_comp 1693.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_04\4_US_comp 1694.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_04\4_US_comp 1694.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_04\4_US_comp 1695.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_04\4_US_comp 1695.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_04\4_US_comp 1696.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_04\4_US_comp 1696.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_04\4_US_comp 1697.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_04\4_US_comp 1697.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_04\4_US_comp 1698.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_04\4_US_comp 1698.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_04\4_US_comp 1699.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_04\4_US_comp 1699.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_04\4_US_comp 1700.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_04\4_US_comp 1700.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_04\4_US_comp 1701.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_04\4_US_comp 1701.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_04\4_US_comp 1702.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_04\4_US_comp 1702.png
folder: thyroid_05
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_05\5_US_comp 1.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_05\5_US_comp 1.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_05\5_US_comp 1001.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_05\5_US_comp 1001.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_05\5_US_comp 1002.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_05\5_US_comp 1002.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_05\5_US_comp 1003.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_05\5_US_comp 1003.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_05\5_US_comp 1004.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_05\5_US_comp 1004.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_05\5_US_comp 1005.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_05\5_US_comp 1005.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_05\5_US_comp 1006.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_05\5_US_comp 1006.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_05\5_US_comp 1007.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_05\5_US_comp 1007.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_05\5_US_comp 1008.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_05\5_US_comp 1008.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_05\5_US_comp 1009.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_05\5_US_comp 1009.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_05\5_US_comp 1010.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_05\5_US_comp 1010.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_05\5_US_comp 1011.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_05\5_US_comp 1011.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_05\5_US_comp 1012.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_05\5_US_comp 1012.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_05\5_US_comp 1013.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_05\5_US_comp 1013.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_05\5_US_comp 1014.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_05\5_US_comp 1014.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_05\5_US_comp 1015.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_05\5_US_comp 1015.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_05\5_US_comp 1016.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_05\5_US_comp 1016.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_05\5_US_comp 1017.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_05\5_US_comp 1017.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_05\5_US_comp 1018.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_05\5_US_comp 1018.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_05\5_US_comp 1019.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_05\5_US_comp 1019.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_05\5_US_comp 1020.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_05\5_US_comp 1020.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_05\5_US_comp 1021.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_05\5_US_comp 1021.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_05\5_US_comp 1022.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_05\5_US_comp 1022.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_05\5_US_comp 1023.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_05\5_US_comp 1023.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_05\5_US_comp 1024.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_05\5_US_comp 1024.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_05\5_US_comp 1025.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_05\5_US_comp 1025.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_05\5_US_comp 1026.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_05\5_US_comp 1026.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_05\5_US_comp 1027.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_05\5_US_comp 1027.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_05\5_US_comp 1028.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_05\5_US_comp 1028.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_05\5_US_comp 1029.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_05\5_US_comp 1029.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_05\5_US_comp 1030.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_05\5_US_comp 1030.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_05\5_US_comp 1031.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_05\5_US_comp 1031.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_05\5_US_comp 1032.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_05\5_US_comp 1032.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_05\5_US_comp 1033.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_05\5_US_comp 1033.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_05\5_US_comp 1034.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_05\5_US_comp 1034.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_05\5_US_comp 1035.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_05\5_US_comp 1035.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_05\5_US_comp 1036.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_05\5_US_comp 1036.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_05\5_US_comp 1037.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_05\5_US_comp 1037.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_05\5_US_comp 1038.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_05\5_US_comp 1038.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_05\5_US_comp 1039.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_05\5_US_comp 1039.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_05\5_US_comp 1040.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_05\5_US_comp 1040.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_05\5_US_comp 1041.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_05\5_US_comp 1041.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_05\5_US_comp 1042.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_05\5_US_comp 1042.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_05\5_US_comp 1043.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_05\5_US_comp 1043.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_05\5_US_comp 1044.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_05\5_US_comp 1044.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_05\5_US_comp 1045.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_05\5_US_comp 1045.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_05\5_US_comp 1046.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_05\5_US_comp 1046.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_05\5_US_comp 1047.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_05\5_US_comp 1047.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_05\5_US_comp 1048.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_05\5_US_comp 1048.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_05\5_US_comp 1049.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_05\5_US_comp 1049.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_05\5_US_comp 1050.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_05\5_US_comp 1050.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_05\5_US_comp 1051.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_05\5_US_comp 1051.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_05\5_US_comp 1052.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_05\5_US_comp 1052.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_05\5_US_comp 1053.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_05\5_US_comp 1053.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_05\5_US_comp 1054.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_05\5_US_comp 1054.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_05\5_US_comp 1055.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_05\5_US_comp 1055.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_05\5_US_comp 1542.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_05\5_US_comp 1542.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_05\5_US_comp 1543.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_05\5_US_comp 1543.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_05\5_US_comp 1544.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_05\5_US_comp 1544.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_05\5_US_comp 1545.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_05\5_US_comp 1545.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_05\5_US_comp 1546.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_05\5_US_comp 1546.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_05\5_US_comp 1547.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_05\5_US_comp 1547.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_05\5_US_comp 1548.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_05\5_US_comp 1548.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_05\5_US_comp 1549.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_05\5_US_comp 1549.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_05\5_US_comp 1550.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_05\5_US_comp 1550.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_05\5_US_comp 1551.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_05\5_US_comp 1551.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_05\5_US_comp 1552.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_05\5_US_comp 1552.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_05\5_US_comp 1553.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_05\5_US_comp 1553.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_05\5_US_comp 1554.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_05\5_US_comp 1554.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_05\5_US_comp 1555.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_05\5_US_comp 1555.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_05\5_US_comp 1556.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_05\5_US_comp 1556.png
folder: thyroid_06
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_06\6_US_comp 1.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_06\6_US_comp 1.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_06\6_US_comp 1001.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_06\6_US_comp 1001.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_06\6_US_comp 1002.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_06\6_US_comp 1002.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_06\6_US_comp 1003.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_06\6_US_comp 1003.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_06\6_US_comp 1004.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_06\6_US_comp 1004.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_06\6_US_comp 1005.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_06\6_US_comp 1005.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_06\6_US_comp 1006.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_06\6_US_comp 1006.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_06\6_US_comp 1007.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_06\6_US_comp 1007.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_06\6_US_comp 1008.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_06\6_US_comp 1008.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_06\6_US_comp 1009.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_06\6_US_comp 1009.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_06\6_US_comp 1010.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_06\6_US_comp 1010.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_06\6_US_comp 1011.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_06\6_US_comp 1011.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_06\6_US_comp 1012.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_06\6_US_comp 1012.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_06\6_US_comp 1013.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_06\6_US_comp 1013.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_06\6_US_comp 1014.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_06\6_US_comp 1014.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_06\6_US_comp 1015.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_06\6_US_comp 1015.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_06\6_US_comp 1016.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_06\6_US_comp 1016.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_06\6_US_comp 1017.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_06\6_US_comp 1017.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_06\6_US_comp 1018.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_06\6_US_comp 1018.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_06\6_US_comp 1019.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_06\6_US_comp 1019.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_06\6_US_comp 1020.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_06\6_US_comp 1020.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_06\6_US_comp 1021.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_06\6_US_comp 1021.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_06\6_US_comp 1022.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_06\6_US_comp 1022.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_06\6_US_comp 1023.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_06\6_US_comp 1023.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_06\6_US_comp 1024.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_06\6_US_comp 1024.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_06\6_US_comp 1025.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_06\6_US_comp 1025.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_06\6_US_comp 1026.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_06\6_US_comp 1026.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_06\6_US_comp 1027.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_06\6_US_comp 1027.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_06\6_US_comp 1028.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_06\6_US_comp 1028.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_06\6_US_comp 1029.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_06\6_US_comp 1029.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_06\6_US_comp 1030.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_06\6_US_comp 1030.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_06\6_US_comp 1031.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_06\6_US_comp 1031.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_06\6_US_comp 1032.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_06\6_US_comp 1032.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_06\6_US_comp 1033.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_06\6_US_comp 1033.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_06\6_US_comp 1034.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_06\6_US_comp 1034.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_06\6_US_comp 1035.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_06\6_US_comp 1035.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_06\6_US_comp 1036.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_06\6_US_comp 1036.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_06\6_US_comp 1037.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_06\6_US_comp 1037.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_06\6_US_comp 1038.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_06\6_US_comp 1038.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_06\6_US_comp 1039.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_06\6_US_comp 1039.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_06\6_US_comp 1040.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_06\6_US_comp 1040.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_06\6_US_comp 1041.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_06\6_US_comp 1041.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_06\6_US_comp 1042.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_06\6_US_comp 1042.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_06\6_US_comp 1043.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_06\6_US_comp 1043.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_06\6_US_comp 1044.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_06\6_US_comp 1044.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_06\6_US_comp 1045.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_06\6_US_comp 1045.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_06\6_US_comp 1046.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_06\6_US_comp 1046.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_06\6_US_comp 1047.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_06\6_US_comp 1047.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_06\6_US_comp 1048.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_06\6_US_comp 1048.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_06\6_US_comp 1049.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_06\6_US_comp 1049.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_06\6_US_comp 1050.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_06\6_US_comp 1050.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_06\6_US_comp 1051.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_06\6_US_comp 1051.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_06\6_US_comp 1052.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_06\6_US_comp 1052.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_06\6_US_comp 1053.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_06\6_US_comp 1053.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_06\6_US_comp 1054.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_06\6_US_comp 1054.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_06\6_US_comp 1055.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_06\6_US_comp 1055.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_06\6_US_comp 1056.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_06\6_US_comp 1056.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_06\6_US_comp 1057.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_06\6_US_comp 1057.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_06\6_US_comp 1058.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_06\6_US_comp 1058.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_06\6_US_comp 1059.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_06\6_US_comp 1059.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_06\6_US_comp 1060.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_06\6_US_comp 1060.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_06\6_US_comp 1061.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_06\6_US_comp 1061.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_06\6_US_comp 1062.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_06\6_US_comp 1062.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_06\6_US_comp 1063.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_06\6_US_comp 1063.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_06\6_US_comp 1064.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_06\6_US_comp 1064.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_06\6_US_comp 1065.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_06\6_US_comp 1065.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_06\6_US_comp 1066.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_06\6_US_comp 1066.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_06\6_US_comp 1067.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_06\6_US_comp 1067.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_06\6_US_comp 1068.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_06\6_US_comp 1068.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_06\6_US_comp 1069.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_06\6_US_comp 1069.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_06\6_US_comp 1070.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_06\6_US_comp 1070.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_06\6_US_comp 1071.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_06\6_US_comp 1071.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_06\6_US_comp 1072.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_06\6_US_comp 1072.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_06\6_US_comp 1073.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_06\6_US_comp 1073.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_06\6_US_comp 1074.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_06\6_US_comp 1074.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_06\6_US_comp 1075.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_06\6_US_comp 1075.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_06\6_US_comp 1076.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_06\6_US_comp 1076.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_06\6_US_comp 1077.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_06\6_US_comp 1077.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_06\6_US_comp 1078.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_06\6_US_comp 1078.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_06\6_US_comp 1079.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_06\6_US_comp 1079.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_06\6_US_comp 1080.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_06\6_US_comp 1080.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_06\6_US_comp 1081.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_06\6_US_comp 1081.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_06\6_US_comp 1750.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_06\6_US_comp 1750.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_06\6_US_comp 1751.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_06\6_US_comp 1751.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_06\6_US_comp 1752.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_06\6_US_comp 1752.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_06\6_US_comp 1753.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_06\6_US_comp 1753.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_06\6_US_comp 1754.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_06\6_US_comp 1754.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_06\6_US_comp 1755.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_06\6_US_comp 1755.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_06\6_US_comp 1756.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_06\6_US_comp 1756.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_06\6_US_comp 1757.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_06\6_US_comp 1757.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_06\6_US_comp 1758.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_06\6_US_comp 1758.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_06\6_US_comp 1759.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_06\6_US_comp 1759.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_06\6_US_comp 1760.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_06\6_US_comp 1760.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_06\6_US_comp 1761.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_06\6_US_comp 1761.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_06\6_US_comp 1762.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_06\6_US_comp 1762.png
folder: thyroid_07
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_07\7_US_comp 1.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_07\7_US_comp 1.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_07\7_US_comp 1001.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_07\7_US_comp 1001.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_07\7_US_comp 1002.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_07\7_US_comp 1002.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_07\7_US_comp 1003.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_07\7_US_comp 1003.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_07\7_US_comp 1004.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_07\7_US_comp 1004.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_07\7_US_comp 1005.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_07\7_US_comp 1005.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_07\7_US_comp 1006.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_07\7_US_comp 1006.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_07\7_US_comp 1007.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_07\7_US_comp 1007.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_07\7_US_comp 1008.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_07\7_US_comp 1008.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_07\7_US_comp 1009.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_07\7_US_comp 1009.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_07\7_US_comp 1010.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_07\7_US_comp 1010.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_07\7_US_comp 1011.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_07\7_US_comp 1011.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_07\7_US_comp 1012.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_07\7_US_comp 1012.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_07\7_US_comp 1013.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_07\7_US_comp 1013.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_07\7_US_comp 1014.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_07\7_US_comp 1014.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_07\7_US_comp 1015.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_07\7_US_comp 1015.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_07\7_US_comp 1016.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_07\7_US_comp 1016.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_07\7_US_comp 1017.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_07\7_US_comp 1017.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_07\7_US_comp 1018.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_07\7_US_comp 1018.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_07\7_US_comp 1019.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_07\7_US_comp 1019.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_07\7_US_comp 1020.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_07\7_US_comp 1020.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_07\7_US_comp 1021.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_07\7_US_comp 1021.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_07\7_US_comp 1022.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_07\7_US_comp 1022.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_07\7_US_comp 1023.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_07\7_US_comp 1023.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_07\7_US_comp 1024.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_07\7_US_comp 1024.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_07\7_US_comp 1025.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_07\7_US_comp 1025.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_07\7_US_comp 1026.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_07\7_US_comp 1026.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_07\7_US_comp 1027.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_07\7_US_comp 1027.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_07\7_US_comp 1028.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_07\7_US_comp 1028.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_07\7_US_comp 1029.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_07\7_US_comp 1029.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_07\7_US_comp 1030.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_07\7_US_comp 1030.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_07\7_US_comp 1031.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_07\7_US_comp 1031.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_07\7_US_comp 1032.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_07\7_US_comp 1032.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_07\7_US_comp 1033.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_07\7_US_comp 1033.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_07\7_US_comp 1034.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_07\7_US_comp 1034.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_07\7_US_comp 1035.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_07\7_US_comp 1035.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_07\7_US_comp 1036.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_07\7_US_comp 1036.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_07\7_US_comp 1037.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_07\7_US_comp 1037.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_07\7_US_comp 1038.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_07\7_US_comp 1038.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_07\7_US_comp 1039.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_07\7_US_comp 1039.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_07\7_US_comp 1040.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_07\7_US_comp 1040.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_07\7_US_comp 1041.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_07\7_US_comp 1041.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_07\7_US_comp 1042.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_07\7_US_comp 1042.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_07\7_US_comp 1043.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_07\7_US_comp 1043.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_07\7_US_comp 1570.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_07\7_US_comp 1570.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_07\7_US_comp 1571.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_07\7_US_comp 1571.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_07\7_US_comp 1572.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_07\7_US_comp 1572.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_07\7_US_comp 1573.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_07\7_US_comp 1573.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_07\7_US_comp 1574.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_07\7_US_comp 1574.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_07\7_US_comp 1575.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_07\7_US_comp 1575.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_07\7_US_comp 1576.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_07\7_US_comp 1576.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_07\7_US_comp 1577.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_07\7_US_comp 1577.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_07\7_US_comp 1578.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_07\7_US_comp 1578.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_07\7_US_comp 1579.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_07\7_US_comp 1579.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_07\7_US_comp 1580.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_07\7_US_comp 1580.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_07\7_US_comp 1581.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_07\7_US_comp 1581.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_07\7_US_comp 1582.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_07\7_US_comp 1582.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_07\7_US_comp 1583.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_07\7_US_comp 1583.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_07\7_US_comp 1584.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_07\7_US_comp 1584.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_07\7_US_comp 1585.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_07\7_US_comp 1585.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_07\7_US_comp 1586.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_07\7_US_comp 1586.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_07\7_US_comp 1587.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_07\7_US_comp 1587.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_07\7_US_comp 1588.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_07\7_US_comp 1588.png
folder: thyroid_08
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_08\8_US_comp 1.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_08\8_US_comp 1.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_08\8_US_comp 1001.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_08\8_US_comp 1001.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_08\8_US_comp 1002.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_08\8_US_comp 1002.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_08\8_US_comp 1003.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_08\8_US_comp 1003.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_08\8_US_comp 1004.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_08\8_US_comp 1004.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_08\8_US_comp 1005.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_08\8_US_comp 1005.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_08\8_US_comp 1006.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_08\8_US_comp 1006.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_08\8_US_comp 1007.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_08\8_US_comp 1007.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_08\8_US_comp 1008.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_08\8_US_comp 1008.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_08\8_US_comp 1009.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_08\8_US_comp 1009.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_08\8_US_comp 1010.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_08\8_US_comp 1010.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_08\8_US_comp 1011.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_08\8_US_comp 1011.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_08\8_US_comp 1012.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_08\8_US_comp 1012.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_08\8_US_comp 1013.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_08\8_US_comp 1013.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_08\8_US_comp 1014.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_08\8_US_comp 1014.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_08\8_US_comp 1606.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_08\8_US_comp 1606.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_08\8_US_comp 1607.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_08\8_US_comp 1607.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_08\8_US_comp 1608.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_08\8_US_comp 1608.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_08\8_US_comp 1609.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_08\8_US_comp 1609.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_08\8_US_comp 1610.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_08\8_US_comp 1610.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_08\8_US_comp 1611.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_08\8_US_comp 1611.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_08\8_US_comp 1612.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_08\8_US_comp 1612.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_08\8_US_comp 1613.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_08\8_US_comp 1613.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_08\8_US_comp 1614.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_08\8_US_comp 1614.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_08\8_US_comp 1615.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_08\8_US_comp 1615.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_08\8_US_comp 1616.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_08\8_US_comp 1616.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_08\8_US_comp 1617.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_08\8_US_comp 1617.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_08\8_US_comp 1618.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_08\8_US_comp 1618.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_08\8_US_comp 1619.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_08\8_US_comp 1619.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_08\8_US_comp 1620.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_08\8_US_comp 1620.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_08\8_US_comp 1621.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_08\8_US_comp 1621.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_08\8_US_comp 1622.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_08\8_US_comp 1622.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_08\8_US_comp 1623.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_08\8_US_comp 1623.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_08\8_US_comp 1624.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_08\8_US_comp 1624.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_08\8_US_comp 1625.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_08\8_US_comp 1625.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_08\8_US_comp 1626.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_08\8_US_comp 1626.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_08\8_US_comp 1627.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_08\8_US_comp 1627.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_08\8_US_comp 1628.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_08\8_US_comp 1628.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_08\8_US_comp 1629.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_08\8_US_comp 1629.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_08\8_US_comp 1630.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_08\8_US_comp 1630.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_08\8_US_comp 1631.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_08\8_US_comp 1631.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_08\8_US_comp 1632.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_08\8_US_comp 1632.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_08\8_US_comp 1633.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_08\8_US_comp 1633.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_08\8_US_comp 1634.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_08\8_US_comp 1634.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_08\8_US_comp 1635.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_08\8_US_comp 1635.png
folder: thyroid_09
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_09\9_US_comp 1.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_09\9_US_comp 1.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_09\9_US_comp 1001.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_09\9_US_comp 1001.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_09\9_US_comp 1002.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_09\9_US_comp 1002.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_09\9_US_comp 1003.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_09\9_US_comp 1003.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_09\9_US_comp 1004.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_09\9_US_comp 1004.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_09\9_US_comp 1005.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_09\9_US_comp 1005.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_09\9_US_comp 1006.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_09\9_US_comp 1006.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_09\9_US_comp 1007.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_09\9_US_comp 1007.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_09\9_US_comp 1008.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_09\9_US_comp 1008.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_09\9_US_comp 1009.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_09\9_US_comp 1009.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_09\9_US_comp 1010.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_09\9_US_comp 1010.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_09\9_US_comp 1011.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_09\9_US_comp 1011.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_09\9_US_comp 1012.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_09\9_US_comp 1012.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_09\9_US_comp 1013.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_09\9_US_comp 1013.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_09\9_US_comp 1014.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_09\9_US_comp 1014.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_09\9_US_comp 1015.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_09\9_US_comp 1015.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_09\9_US_comp 1016.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_09\9_US_comp 1016.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_09\9_US_comp 1017.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_09\9_US_comp 1017.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_09\9_US_comp 1018.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_09\9_US_comp 1018.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_09\9_US_comp 1019.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_09\9_US_comp 1019.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_09\9_US_comp 1020.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_09\9_US_comp 1020.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_09\9_US_comp 1021.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_09\9_US_comp 1021.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_09\9_US_comp 1022.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_09\9_US_comp 1022.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_09\9_US_comp 1023.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_09\9_US_comp 1023.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_09\9_US_comp 1024.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_09\9_US_comp 1024.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_09\9_US_comp 1025.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_09\9_US_comp 1025.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_09\9_US_comp 1026.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_09\9_US_comp 1026.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_09\9_US_comp 1027.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_09\9_US_comp 1027.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_09\9_US_comp 1028.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_09\9_US_comp 1028.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_09\9_US_comp 1029.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_09\9_US_comp 1029.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_09\9_US_comp 1030.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_09\9_US_comp 1030.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_09\9_US_comp 1031.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_09\9_US_comp 1031.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_09\9_US_comp 1032.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_09\9_US_comp 1032.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_09\9_US_comp 1033.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_09\9_US_comp 1033.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_09\9_US_comp 1034.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_09\9_US_comp 1034.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_09\9_US_comp 1035.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_09\9_US_comp 1035.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_09\9_US_comp 1036.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_09\9_US_comp 1036.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_09\9_US_comp 1037.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_09\9_US_comp 1037.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_09\9_US_comp 1038.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_09\9_US_comp 1038.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_09\9_US_comp 1039.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_09\9_US_comp 1039.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_09\9_US_comp 1040.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_09\9_US_comp 1040.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_09\9_US_comp 1041.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_09\9_US_comp 1041.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_09\9_US_comp 1042.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_09\9_US_comp 1042.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_09\9_US_comp 1043.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_09\9_US_comp 1043.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_09\9_US_comp 1044.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_09\9_US_comp 1044.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_09\9_US_comp 1045.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_09\9_US_comp 1045.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_09\9_US_comp 1046.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_09\9_US_comp 1046.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_09\9_US_comp 1047.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_09\9_US_comp 1047.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_09\9_US_comp 1048.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_09\9_US_comp 1048.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_09\9_US_comp 1049.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_09\9_US_comp 1049.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_09\9_US_comp 1050.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_09\9_US_comp 1050.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_09\9_US_comp 1051.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_09\9_US_comp 1051.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_09\9_US_comp 1052.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_09\9_US_comp 1052.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_09\9_US_comp 1053.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_09\9_US_comp 1053.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_09\9_US_comp 1054.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_09\9_US_comp 1054.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_09\9_US_comp 1055.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_09\9_US_comp 1055.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_09\9_US_comp 1056.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_09\9_US_comp 1056.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_09\9_US_comp 1057.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_09\9_US_comp 1057.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_09\9_US_comp 1058.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_09\9_US_comp 1058.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_09\9_US_comp 1059.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_09\9_US_comp 1059.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_09\9_US_comp 1060.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_09\9_US_comp 1060.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_09\9_US_comp 1061.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_09\9_US_comp 1061.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_09\9_US_comp 1062.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_09\9_US_comp 1062.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_09\9_US_comp 1063.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_09\9_US_comp 1063.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_09\9_US_comp 1064.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_09\9_US_comp 1064.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_09\9_US_comp 1065.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_09\9_US_comp 1065.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_09\9_US_comp 1066.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_09\9_US_comp 1066.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_09\9_US_comp 1067.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_09\9_US_comp 1067.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_09\9_US_comp 1068.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_09\9_US_comp 1068.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_09\9_US_comp 1069.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_09\9_US_comp 1069.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_09\9_US_comp 1070.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_09\9_US_comp 1070.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_09\9_US_comp 1071.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_09\9_US_comp 1071.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_09\9_US_comp 1072.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_09\9_US_comp 1072.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_09\9_US_comp 1073.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_09\9_US_comp 1073.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_09\9_US_comp 1074.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_09\9_US_comp 1074.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_09\9_US_comp 1075.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_09\9_US_comp 1075.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_09\9_US_comp 1076.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_09\9_US_comp 1076.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_09\9_US_comp 1077.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_09\9_US_comp 1077.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_09\9_US_comp 1078.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_09\9_US_comp 1078.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_09\9_US_comp 1079.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_09\9_US_comp 1079.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_09\9_US_comp 1080.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_09\9_US_comp 1080.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_09\9_US_comp 1081.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_09\9_US_comp 1081.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_09\9_US_comp 1082.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_09\9_US_comp 1082.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_09\9_US_comp 1083.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_09\9_US_comp 1083.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_09\9_US_comp 1084.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_09\9_US_comp 1084.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_09\9_US_comp 1085.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_09\9_US_comp 1085.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_09\9_US_comp 1086.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_09\9_US_comp 1086.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_09\9_US_comp 1087.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_09\9_US_comp 1087.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_09\9_US_comp 1088.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_09\9_US_comp 1088.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_09\9_US_comp 1089.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_09\9_US_comp 1089.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_09\9_US_comp 1090.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_09\9_US_comp 1090.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_09\9_US_comp 1091.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_09\9_US_comp 1091.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_09\9_US_comp 1092.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_09\9_US_comp 1092.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_09\9_US_comp 1093.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_09\9_US_comp 1093.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_09\9_US_comp 1094.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_09\9_US_comp 1094.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_09\9_US_comp 1095.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_09\9_US_comp 1095.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_09\9_US_comp 1096.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_09\9_US_comp 1096.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_09\9_US_comp 1097.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_09\9_US_comp 1097.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_09\9_US_comp 1098.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_09\9_US_comp 1098.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_09\9_US_comp 1099.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_09\9_US_comp 1099.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_09\9_US_comp 1100.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_09\9_US_comp 1100.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_09\9_US_comp 1101.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_09\9_US_comp 1101.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_09\9_US_comp 1102.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_09\9_US_comp 1102.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_09\9_US_comp 1103.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_09\9_US_comp 1103.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_09\9_US_comp 1104.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_09\9_US_comp 1104.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_09\9_US_comp 1105.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_09\9_US_comp 1105.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_09\9_US_comp 1106.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_09\9_US_comp 1106.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_09\9_US_comp 1107.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_09\9_US_comp 1107.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_09\9_US_comp 1108.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_09\9_US_comp 1108.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_09\9_US_comp 1109.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_09\9_US_comp 1109.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_09\9_US_comp 1110.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_09\9_US_comp 1110.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_09\9_US_comp 1111.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_09\9_US_comp 1111.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_09\9_US_comp 1112.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_09\9_US_comp 1112.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_09\9_US_comp 1113.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_09\9_US_comp 1113.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_09\9_US_comp 1114.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_09\9_US_comp 1114.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_09\9_US_comp 1115.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_09\9_US_comp 1115.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_09\9_US_comp 1116.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_09\9_US_comp 1116.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_09\9_US_comp 1117.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_09\9_US_comp 1117.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_09\9_US_comp 1118.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_09\9_US_comp 1118.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_09\9_US_comp 1119.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_09\9_US_comp 1119.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_09\9_US_comp 1120.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_09\9_US_comp 1120.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_09\9_US_comp 1121.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_09\9_US_comp 1121.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_09\9_US_comp 1122.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_09\9_US_comp 1122.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_09\9_US_comp 1123.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_09\9_US_comp 1123.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_09\9_US_comp 1124.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_09\9_US_comp 1124.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_09\9_US_comp 1125.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_09\9_US_comp 1125.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_09\9_US_comp 1126.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_09\9_US_comp 1126.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_09\9_US_comp 1127.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_09\9_US_comp 1127.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_09\9_US_comp 1759.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_09\9_US_comp 1759.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_09\9_US_comp 1760.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_09\9_US_comp 1760.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_09\9_US_comp 1761.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_09\9_US_comp 1761.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_09\9_US_comp 1762.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_09\9_US_comp 1762.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_09\9_US_comp 1763.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_09\9_US_comp 1763.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_09\9_US_comp 1764.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_09\9_US_comp 1764.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_09\9_US_comp 1765.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_09\9_US_comp 1765.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_09\9_US_comp 1766.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_09\9_US_comp 1766.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_09\9_US_comp 1767.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_09\9_US_comp 1767.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_09\9_US_comp 1768.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_09\9_US_comp 1768.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_09\9_US_comp 1769.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_09\9_US_comp 1769.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_09\9_US_comp 1770.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_09\9_US_comp 1770.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_09\9_US_comp 1771.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_09\9_US_comp 1771.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_09\9_US_comp 1772.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_09\9_US_comp 1772.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_09\9_US_comp 1773.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_09\9_US_comp 1773.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_09\9_US_comp 1774.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_09\9_US_comp 1774.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_09\9_US_comp 1775.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_09\9_US_comp 1775.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_09\9_US_comp 1776.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_09\9_US_comp 1776.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_09\9_US_comp 1777.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_09\9_US_comp 1777.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_09\9_US_comp 1778.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_09\9_US_comp 1778.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_09\9_US_comp 1779.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_09\9_US_comp 1779.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_09\9_US_comp 1780.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_09\9_US_comp 1780.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_09\9_US_comp 1781.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_09\9_US_comp 1781.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_09\9_US_comp 1782.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_09\9_US_comp 1782.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_09\9_US_comp 1783.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_09\9_US_comp 1783.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_09\9_US_comp 1784.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_09\9_US_comp 1784.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_09\9_US_comp 1785.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_09\9_US_comp 1785.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_09\9_US_comp 1786.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_09\9_US_comp 1786.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_09\9_US_comp 1787.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_09\9_US_comp 1787.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_09\9_US_comp 1788.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_09\9_US_comp 1788.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_09\9_US_comp 1789.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_09\9_US_comp 1789.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_09\9_US_comp 1790.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_09\9_US_comp 1790.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_09\9_US_comp 1791.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_09\9_US_comp 1791.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_09\9_US_comp 1792.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_09\9_US_comp 1792.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_09\9_US_comp 1793.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_09\9_US_comp 1793.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_09\9_US_comp 1794.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_09\9_US_comp 1794.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_09\9_US_comp 1795.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_09\9_US_comp 1795.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_09\9_US_comp 1796.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_09\9_US_comp 1796.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_09\9_US_comp 1797.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_09\9_US_comp 1797.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_09\9_US_comp 1798.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_09\9_US_comp 1798.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_09\9_US_comp 1799.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_09\9_US_comp 1799.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_09\9_US_comp 1800.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_09\9_US_comp 1800.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_09\9_US_comp 1801.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_09\9_US_comp 1801.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_09\9_US_comp 1802.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_09\9_US_comp 1802.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_09\9_US_comp 1803.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_09\9_US_comp 1803.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_09\9_US_comp 1804.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_09\9_US_comp 1804.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_09\9_US_comp 1805.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_09\9_US_comp 1805.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_09\9_US_comp 1806.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_09\9_US_comp 1806.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_09\9_US_comp 1807.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_09\9_US_comp 1807.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_09\9_US_comp 1808.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_09\9_US_comp 1808.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_09\9_US_comp 1809.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_09\9_US_comp 1809.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_09\9_US_comp 1810.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_09\9_US_comp 1810.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_09\9_US_comp 1811.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_09\9_US_comp 1811.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_09\9_US_comp 1812.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_09\9_US_comp 1812.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_09\9_US_comp 1813.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_09\9_US_comp 1813.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_09\9_US_comp 1814.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_09\9_US_comp 1814.png
folder: thyroid_10
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_10\10_US_comp 1.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_10\10_US_comp 1.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_10\10_US_comp 1001.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_10\10_US_comp 1001.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_10\10_US_comp 1002.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_10\10_US_comp 1002.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_10\10_US_comp 1003.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_10\10_US_comp 1003.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_10\10_US_comp 1004.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_10\10_US_comp 1004.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_10\10_US_comp 1005.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_10\10_US_comp 1005.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_10\10_US_comp 1006.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_10\10_US_comp 1006.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_10\10_US_comp 1007.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_10\10_US_comp 1007.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_10\10_US_comp 1008.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_10\10_US_comp 1008.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_10\10_US_comp 1009.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_10\10_US_comp 1009.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_10\10_US_comp 1010.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_10\10_US_comp 1010.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_10\10_US_comp 1011.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_10\10_US_comp 1011.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_10\10_US_comp 1012.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_10\10_US_comp 1012.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_10\10_US_comp 1013.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_10\10_US_comp 1013.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_10\10_US_comp 1014.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_10\10_US_comp 1014.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_10\10_US_comp 1015.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_10\10_US_comp 1015.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_10\10_US_comp 1016.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_10\10_US_comp 1016.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_10\10_US_comp 1017.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_10\10_US_comp 1017.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_10\10_US_comp 1018.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_10\10_US_comp 1018.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_10\10_US_comp 1019.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_10\10_US_comp 1019.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_10\10_US_comp 1020.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_10\10_US_comp 1020.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_10\10_US_comp 1021.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_10\10_US_comp 1021.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_10\10_US_comp 1022.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_10\10_US_comp 1022.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_10\10_US_comp 1023.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_10\10_US_comp 1023.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_10\10_US_comp 1024.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_10\10_US_comp 1024.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_10\10_US_comp 1025.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_10\10_US_comp 1025.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_10\10_US_comp 1026.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_10\10_US_comp 1026.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_10\10_US_comp 1027.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_10\10_US_comp 1027.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_10\10_US_comp 1028.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_10\10_US_comp 1028.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_10\10_US_comp 1029.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_10\10_US_comp 1029.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_10\10_US_comp 1030.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_10\10_US_comp 1030.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_10\10_US_comp 1031.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_10\10_US_comp 1031.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_10\10_US_comp 1032.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_10\10_US_comp 1032.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_10\10_US_comp 1033.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_10\10_US_comp 1033.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_10\10_US_comp 1034.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_10\10_US_comp 1034.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_10\10_US_comp 1035.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_10\10_US_comp 1035.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_10\10_US_comp 1036.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_10\10_US_comp 1036.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_10\10_US_comp 1037.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_10\10_US_comp 1037.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_10\10_US_comp 1038.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_10\10_US_comp 1038.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_10\10_US_comp 1039.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_10\10_US_comp 1039.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_10\10_US_comp 1040.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_10\10_US_comp 1040.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_10\10_US_comp 1041.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_10\10_US_comp 1041.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_10\10_US_comp 1042.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_10\10_US_comp 1042.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_10\10_US_comp 1043.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_10\10_US_comp 1043.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_10\10_US_comp 1044.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_10\10_US_comp 1044.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_10\10_US_comp 1045.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_10\10_US_comp 1045.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_10\10_US_comp 1046.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_10\10_US_comp 1046.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_10\10_US_comp 1047.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_10\10_US_comp 1047.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_10\10_US_comp 1048.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_10\10_US_comp 1048.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_10\10_US_comp 1049.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_10\10_US_comp 1049.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_10\10_US_comp 1050.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_10\10_US_comp 1050.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_10\10_US_comp 1652.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_10\10_US_comp 1652.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_10\10_US_comp 1653.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_10\10_US_comp 1653.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_10\10_US_comp 1654.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_10\10_US_comp 1654.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_10\10_US_comp 1655.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_10\10_US_comp 1655.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_10\10_US_comp 1656.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_10\10_US_comp 1656.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_10\10_US_comp 1657.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_10\10_US_comp 1657.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_10\10_US_comp 1658.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_10\10_US_comp 1658.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_10\10_US_comp 1659.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_10\10_US_comp 1659.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_10\10_US_comp 1660.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_10\10_US_comp 1660.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_10\10_US_comp 1661.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_10\10_US_comp 1661.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_10\10_US_comp 1662.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_10\10_US_comp 1662.png
folder: thyroid_11
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_11\11_US_comp 1.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_11\11_US_comp 1.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_11\11_US_comp 1001.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_11\11_US_comp 1001.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_11\11_US_comp 1002.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_11\11_US_comp 1002.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_11\11_US_comp 1003.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_11\11_US_comp 1003.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_11\11_US_comp 1004.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_11\11_US_comp 1004.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_11\11_US_comp 1005.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_11\11_US_comp 1005.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_11\11_US_comp 1006.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_11\11_US_comp 1006.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_11\11_US_comp 1007.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_11\11_US_comp 1007.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_11\11_US_comp 1008.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_11\11_US_comp 1008.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_11\11_US_comp 1009.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_11\11_US_comp 1009.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_11\11_US_comp 1010.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_11\11_US_comp 1010.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_11\11_US_comp 1011.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_11\11_US_comp 1011.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_11\11_US_comp 1012.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_11\11_US_comp 1012.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_11\11_US_comp 1013.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_11\11_US_comp 1013.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_11\11_US_comp 1014.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_11\11_US_comp 1014.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_11\11_US_comp 1015.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_11\11_US_comp 1015.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_11\11_US_comp 1016.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_11\11_US_comp 1016.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_11\11_US_comp 1017.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_11\11_US_comp 1017.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_11\11_US_comp 1018.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_11\11_US_comp 1018.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_11\11_US_comp 1019.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_11\11_US_comp 1019.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_11\11_US_comp 1020.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_11\11_US_comp 1020.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_11\11_US_comp 1021.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_11\11_US_comp 1021.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_11\11_US_comp 1022.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_11\11_US_comp 1022.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_11\11_US_comp 1023.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_11\11_US_comp 1023.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_11\11_US_comp 1024.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_11\11_US_comp 1024.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_11\11_US_comp 1025.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_11\11_US_comp 1025.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_11\11_US_comp 1026.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_11\11_US_comp 1026.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_11\11_US_comp 1027.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_11\11_US_comp 1027.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_11\11_US_comp 1028.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_11\11_US_comp 1028.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_11\11_US_comp 1029.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_11\11_US_comp 1029.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_11\11_US_comp 1030.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_11\11_US_comp 1030.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_11\11_US_comp 1031.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_11\11_US_comp 1031.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_11\11_US_comp 1032.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_11\11_US_comp 1032.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_11\11_US_comp 1033.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_11\11_US_comp 1033.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_11\11_US_comp 1034.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_11\11_US_comp 1034.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_11\11_US_comp 1035.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_11\11_US_comp 1035.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_11\11_US_comp 1036.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_11\11_US_comp 1036.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_11\11_US_comp 1037.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_11\11_US_comp 1037.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_11\11_US_comp 1038.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_11\11_US_comp 1038.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_11\11_US_comp 1039.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_11\11_US_comp 1039.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_11\11_US_comp 1040.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_11\11_US_comp 1040.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_11\11_US_comp 1041.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_11\11_US_comp 1041.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_11\11_US_comp 1042.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_11\11_US_comp 1042.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_11\11_US_comp 1043.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_11\11_US_comp 1043.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_11\11_US_comp 1632.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_11\11_US_comp 1632.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_11\11_US_comp 1633.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_11\11_US_comp 1633.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_11\11_US_comp 1634.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_11\11_US_comp 1634.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_11\11_US_comp 1635.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_11\11_US_comp 1635.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_11\11_US_comp 1636.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_11\11_US_comp 1636.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_11\11_US_comp 1637.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_11\11_US_comp 1637.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_11\11_US_comp 1638.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_11\11_US_comp 1638.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_11\11_US_comp 1639.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_11\11_US_comp 1639.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_11\11_US_comp 1640.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_11\11_US_comp 1640.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_11\11_US_comp 1641.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_11\11_US_comp 1641.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_11\11_US_comp 1642.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_11\11_US_comp 1642.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_11\11_US_comp 1643.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_11\11_US_comp 1643.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_11\11_US_comp 1644.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_11\11_US_comp 1644.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_11\11_US_comp 1645.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_11\11_US_comp 1645.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_11\11_US_comp 1646.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_11\11_US_comp 1646.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_11\11_US_comp 1647.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_11\11_US_comp 1647.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_11\11_US_comp 1648.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_11\11_US_comp 1648.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_11\11_US_comp 1649.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_11\11_US_comp 1649.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_11\11_US_comp 1650.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_11\11_US_comp 1650.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_11\11_US_comp 1651.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_11\11_US_comp 1651.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_11\11_US_comp 1652.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_11\11_US_comp 1652.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_11\11_US_comp 1653.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_11\11_US_comp 1653.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_11\11_US_comp 1654.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_11\11_US_comp 1654.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_11\11_US_comp 1655.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_11\11_US_comp 1655.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_11\11_US_comp 1656.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_11\11_US_comp 1656.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_11\11_US_comp 1657.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_11\11_US_comp 1657.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_11\11_US_comp 1658.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_11\11_US_comp 1658.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_11\11_US_comp 1659.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_11\11_US_comp 1659.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_11\11_US_comp 1660.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_11\11_US_comp 1660.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_11\11_US_comp 1661.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_11\11_US_comp 1661.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_11\11_US_comp 1662.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_11\11_US_comp 1662.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_11\11_US_comp 1663.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_11\11_US_comp 1663.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_11\11_US_comp 1664.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_11\11_US_comp 1664.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_11\11_US_comp 1665.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_11\11_US_comp 1665.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_11\11_US_comp 1666.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_11\11_US_comp 1666.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_11\11_US_comp 1667.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_11\11_US_comp 1667.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_11\11_US_comp 1668.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_11\11_US_comp 1668.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_11\11_US_comp 1669.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_11\11_US_comp 1669.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_11\11_US_comp 1670.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_11\11_US_comp 1670.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_11\11_US_comp 1671.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_11\11_US_comp 1671.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_11\11_US_comp 1672.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_11\11_US_comp 1672.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_11\11_US_comp 1673.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_11\11_US_comp 1673.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_11\11_US_comp 1674.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_11\11_US_comp 1674.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_11\11_US_comp 1675.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_11\11_US_comp 1675.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_11\11_US_comp 1676.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_11\11_US_comp 1676.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_11\11_US_comp 1677.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_11\11_US_comp 1677.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_11\11_US_comp 1678.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_11\11_US_comp 1678.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_11\11_US_comp 1679.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_11\11_US_comp 1679.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_11\11_US_comp 1680.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_11\11_US_comp 1680.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_11\11_US_comp 1681.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_11\11_US_comp 1681.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_11\11_US_comp 1682.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_11\11_US_comp 1682.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_11\11_US_comp 1683.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_11\11_US_comp 1683.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_11\11_US_comp 1684.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_11\11_US_comp 1684.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_11\11_US_comp 1685.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_11\11_US_comp 1685.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_11\11_US_comp 1686.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_11\11_US_comp 1686.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_11\11_US_comp 1687.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_11\11_US_comp 1687.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_11\11_US_comp 1688.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_11\11_US_comp 1688.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_11\11_US_comp 1689.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_11\11_US_comp 1689.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_11\11_US_comp 1690.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_11\11_US_comp 1690.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_11\11_US_comp 1691.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_11\11_US_comp 1691.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_11\11_US_comp 1692.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_11\11_US_comp 1692.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_11\11_US_comp 1693.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_11\11_US_comp 1693.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_11\11_US_comp 1694.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_11\11_US_comp 1694.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_11\11_US_comp 1695.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_11\11_US_comp 1695.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_11\11_US_comp 1696.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_11\11_US_comp 1696.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_11\11_US_comp 1697.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_11\11_US_comp 1697.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_11\11_US_comp 1698.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_11\11_US_comp 1698.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_11\11_US_comp 1699.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_11\11_US_comp 1699.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_11\11_US_comp 1700.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_11\11_US_comp 1700.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_11\11_US_comp 1701.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_11\11_US_comp 1701.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_11\11_US_comp 1702.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_11\11_US_comp 1702.png
folder: thyroid_12
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_12\12_US_comp 1.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_12\12_US_comp 1.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_12\12_US_comp 1001.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_12\12_US_comp 1001.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_12\12_US_comp 1002.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_12\12_US_comp 1002.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_12\12_US_comp 1003.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_12\12_US_comp 1003.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_12\12_US_comp 1004.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_12\12_US_comp 1004.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_12\12_US_comp 1005.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_12\12_US_comp 1005.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_12\12_US_comp 1006.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_12\12_US_comp 1006.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_12\12_US_comp 1007.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_12\12_US_comp 1007.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_12\12_US_comp 1008.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_12\12_US_comp 1008.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_12\12_US_comp 1009.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_12\12_US_comp 1009.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_12\12_US_comp 1010.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_12\12_US_comp 1010.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_12\12_US_comp 1011.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_12\12_US_comp 1011.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_12\12_US_comp 1012.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_12\12_US_comp 1012.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_12\12_US_comp 1013.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_12\12_US_comp 1013.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_12\12_US_comp 1014.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_12\12_US_comp 1014.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_12\12_US_comp 1015.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_12\12_US_comp 1015.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_12\12_US_comp 1016.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_12\12_US_comp 1016.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_12\12_US_comp 1017.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_12\12_US_comp 1017.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_12\12_US_comp 1018.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_12\12_US_comp 1018.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_12\12_US_comp 1019.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_12\12_US_comp 1019.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_12\12_US_comp 1020.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_12\12_US_comp 1020.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_12\12_US_comp 1021.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_12\12_US_comp 1021.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_12\12_US_comp 1022.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_12\12_US_comp 1022.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_12\12_US_comp 1023.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_12\12_US_comp 1023.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_12\12_US_comp 1024.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_12\12_US_comp 1024.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_12\12_US_comp 1025.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_12\12_US_comp 1025.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_12\12_US_comp 1026.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_12\12_US_comp 1026.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_12\12_US_comp 1027.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_12\12_US_comp 1027.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_12\12_US_comp 1028.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_12\12_US_comp 1028.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_12\12_US_comp 1029.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_12\12_US_comp 1029.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_12\12_US_comp 1030.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_12\12_US_comp 1030.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_12\12_US_comp 1031.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_12\12_US_comp 1031.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_12\12_US_comp 1032.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_12\12_US_comp 1032.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_12\12_US_comp 1033.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_12\12_US_comp 1033.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_12\12_US_comp 1034.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_12\12_US_comp 1034.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_12\12_US_comp 1035.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_12\12_US_comp 1035.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_12\12_US_comp 1036.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_12\12_US_comp 1036.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_12\12_US_comp 1037.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_12\12_US_comp 1037.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_12\12_US_comp 1038.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_12\12_US_comp 1038.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_12\12_US_comp 1039.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_12\12_US_comp 1039.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_12\12_US_comp 1040.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_12\12_US_comp 1040.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_12\12_US_comp 1041.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_12\12_US_comp 1041.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_12\12_US_comp 1042.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_12\12_US_comp 1042.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_12\12_US_comp 1043.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_12\12_US_comp 1043.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_12\12_US_comp 1044.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_12\12_US_comp 1044.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_12\12_US_comp 1045.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_12\12_US_comp 1045.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_12\12_US_comp 1046.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_12\12_US_comp 1046.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_12\12_US_comp 1047.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_12\12_US_comp 1047.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_12\12_US_comp 1048.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_12\12_US_comp 1048.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_12\12_US_comp 1049.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_12\12_US_comp 1049.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_12\12_US_comp 1050.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_12\12_US_comp 1050.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_12\12_US_comp 1051.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_12\12_US_comp 1051.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_12\12_US_comp 1052.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_12\12_US_comp 1052.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_12\12_US_comp 1053.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_12\12_US_comp 1053.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_12\12_US_comp 1054.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_12\12_US_comp 1054.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_12\12_US_comp 1055.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_12\12_US_comp 1055.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_12\12_US_comp 1056.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_12\12_US_comp 1056.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_12\12_US_comp 1057.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_12\12_US_comp 1057.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_12\12_US_comp 1058.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_12\12_US_comp 1058.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_12\12_US_comp 1779.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_12\12_US_comp 1779.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_12\12_US_comp 1780.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_12\12_US_comp 1780.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_12\12_US_comp 1781.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_12\12_US_comp 1781.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_12\12_US_comp 1782.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_12\12_US_comp 1782.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_12\12_US_comp 1783.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_12\12_US_comp 1783.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_12\12_US_comp 1784.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_12\12_US_comp 1784.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_12\12_US_comp 1785.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_12\12_US_comp 1785.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_12\12_US_comp 1786.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_12\12_US_comp 1786.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_12\12_US_comp 1787.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_12\12_US_comp 1787.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_12\12_US_comp 1788.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_12\12_US_comp 1788.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_12\12_US_comp 1789.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_12\12_US_comp 1789.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_12\12_US_comp 1790.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_12\12_US_comp 1790.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_12\12_US_comp 1791.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_12\12_US_comp 1791.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_12\12_US_comp 1792.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_12\12_US_comp 1792.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_12\12_US_comp 1793.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_12\12_US_comp 1793.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_12\12_US_comp 1794.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_12\12_US_comp 1794.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_12\12_US_comp 1795.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_12\12_US_comp 1795.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_12\12_US_comp 1796.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_12\12_US_comp 1796.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_12\12_US_comp 1797.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_12\12_US_comp 1797.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_12\12_US_comp 1798.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_12\12_US_comp 1798.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_12\12_US_comp 1799.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_12\12_US_comp 1799.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_12\12_US_comp 1800.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_12\12_US_comp 1800.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_12\12_US_comp 1801.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_12\12_US_comp 1801.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_12\12_US_comp 1802.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_12\12_US_comp 1802.png
folder: thyroid_13
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_13\13_US_comp 1.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_13\13_US_comp 1.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_13\13_US_comp 1001.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_13\13_US_comp 1001.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_13\13_US_comp 1002.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_13\13_US_comp 1002.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_13\13_US_comp 1003.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_13\13_US_comp 1003.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_13\13_US_comp 1004.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_13\13_US_comp 1004.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_13\13_US_comp 1005.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_13\13_US_comp 1005.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_13\13_US_comp 1006.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_13\13_US_comp 1006.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_13\13_US_comp 1007.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_13\13_US_comp 1007.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_13\13_US_comp 1008.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_13\13_US_comp 1008.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_13\13_US_comp 1009.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_13\13_US_comp 1009.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_13\13_US_comp 1010.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_13\13_US_comp 1010.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_13\13_US_comp 1011.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_13\13_US_comp 1011.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_13\13_US_comp 1012.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_13\13_US_comp 1012.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_13\13_US_comp 1013.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_13\13_US_comp 1013.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_13\13_US_comp 1014.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_13\13_US_comp 1014.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_13\13_US_comp 1015.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_13\13_US_comp 1015.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_13\13_US_comp 1016.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_13\13_US_comp 1016.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_13\13_US_comp 1017.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_13\13_US_comp 1017.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_13\13_US_comp 1018.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_13\13_US_comp 1018.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_13\13_US_comp 1019.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_13\13_US_comp 1019.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_13\13_US_comp 1020.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_13\13_US_comp 1020.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_13\13_US_comp 1021.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_13\13_US_comp 1021.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_13\13_US_comp 1022.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_13\13_US_comp 1022.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_13\13_US_comp 1023.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_13\13_US_comp 1023.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_13\13_US_comp 1024.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_13\13_US_comp 1024.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_13\13_US_comp 1025.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_13\13_US_comp 1025.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_13\13_US_comp 1026.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_13\13_US_comp 1026.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_13\13_US_comp 1027.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_13\13_US_comp 1027.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_13\13_US_comp 1028.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_13\13_US_comp 1028.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_13\13_US_comp 1029.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_13\13_US_comp 1029.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_13\13_US_comp 1030.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_13\13_US_comp 1030.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_13\13_US_comp 1031.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_13\13_US_comp 1031.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_13\13_US_comp 1032.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_13\13_US_comp 1032.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_13\13_US_comp 1033.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_13\13_US_comp 1033.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_13\13_US_comp 1034.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_13\13_US_comp 1034.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_13\13_US_comp 1035.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_13\13_US_comp 1035.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_13\13_US_comp 1036.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_13\13_US_comp 1036.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_13\13_US_comp 1037.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_13\13_US_comp 1037.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_13\13_US_comp 1038.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_13\13_US_comp 1038.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_13\13_US_comp 1039.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_13\13_US_comp 1039.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_13\13_US_comp 1040.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_13\13_US_comp 1040.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_13\13_US_comp 1041.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_13\13_US_comp 1041.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_13\13_US_comp 1042.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_13\13_US_comp 1042.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_13\13_US_comp 1043.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_13\13_US_comp 1043.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_13\13_US_comp 1044.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_13\13_US_comp 1044.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_13\13_US_comp 1045.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_13\13_US_comp 1045.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_13\13_US_comp 1046.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_13\13_US_comp 1046.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_13\13_US_comp 1047.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_13\13_US_comp 1047.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_13\13_US_comp 1048.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_13\13_US_comp 1048.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_13\13_US_comp 1049.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_13\13_US_comp 1049.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_13\13_US_comp 1050.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_13\13_US_comp 1050.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_13\13_US_comp 1051.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_13\13_US_comp 1051.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_13\13_US_comp 1052.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_13\13_US_comp 1052.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_13\13_US_comp 1053.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_13\13_US_comp 1053.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_13\13_US_comp 1054.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_13\13_US_comp 1054.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_13\13_US_comp 1055.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_13\13_US_comp 1055.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_13\13_US_comp 1056.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_13\13_US_comp 1056.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_13\13_US_comp 1057.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_13\13_US_comp 1057.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_13\13_US_comp 1058.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_13\13_US_comp 1058.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_13\13_US_comp 1059.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_13\13_US_comp 1059.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_13\13_US_comp 1060.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_13\13_US_comp 1060.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_13\13_US_comp 1061.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_13\13_US_comp 1061.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_13\13_US_comp 1062.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_13\13_US_comp 1062.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_13\13_US_comp 1063.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_13\13_US_comp 1063.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_13\13_US_comp 1064.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_13\13_US_comp 1064.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_13\13_US_comp 1065.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_13\13_US_comp 1065.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_13\13_US_comp 1066.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_13\13_US_comp 1066.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_13\13_US_comp 1067.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_13\13_US_comp 1067.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_13\13_US_comp 1068.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_13\13_US_comp 1068.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_13\13_US_comp 1069.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_13\13_US_comp 1069.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_13\13_US_comp 1070.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_13\13_US_comp 1070.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_13\13_US_comp 1071.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_13\13_US_comp 1071.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_13\13_US_comp 1072.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_13\13_US_comp 1072.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_13\13_US_comp 1073.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_13\13_US_comp 1073.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_13\13_US_comp 1074.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_13\13_US_comp 1074.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_13\13_US_comp 1075.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_13\13_US_comp 1075.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_13\13_US_comp 1076.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_13\13_US_comp 1076.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_13\13_US_comp 1077.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_13\13_US_comp 1077.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_13\13_US_comp 1078.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_13\13_US_comp 1078.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_13\13_US_comp 1079.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_13\13_US_comp 1079.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_13\13_US_comp 1080.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_13\13_US_comp 1080.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_13\13_US_comp 1081.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_13\13_US_comp 1081.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_13\13_US_comp 1082.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_13\13_US_comp 1082.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_13\13_US_comp 1083.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_13\13_US_comp 1083.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_13\13_US_comp 1084.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_13\13_US_comp 1084.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_13\13_US_comp 1085.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_13\13_US_comp 1085.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_13\13_US_comp 1086.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_13\13_US_comp 1086.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_13\13_US_comp 1087.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_13\13_US_comp 1087.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_13\13_US_comp 1088.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_13\13_US_comp 1088.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_13\13_US_comp 1089.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_13\13_US_comp 1089.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_13\13_US_comp 1090.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_13\13_US_comp 1090.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_13\13_US_comp 1091.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_13\13_US_comp 1091.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_13\13_US_comp 1092.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_13\13_US_comp 1092.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_13\13_US_comp 1093.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_13\13_US_comp 1093.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_13\13_US_comp 1094.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_13\13_US_comp 1094.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_13\13_US_comp 1095.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_13\13_US_comp 1095.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_13\13_US_comp 1096.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_13\13_US_comp 1096.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_13\13_US_comp 1097.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_13\13_US_comp 1097.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_13\13_US_comp 1098.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_13\13_US_comp 1098.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_13\13_US_comp 1099.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_13\13_US_comp 1099.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_13\13_US_comp 1100.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_13\13_US_comp 1100.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_13\13_US_comp 1101.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_13\13_US_comp 1101.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_13\13_US_comp 1102.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_13\13_US_comp 1102.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_13\13_US_comp 1103.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_13\13_US_comp 1103.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_13\13_US_comp 1104.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_13\13_US_comp 1104.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_13\13_US_comp 1105.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_13\13_US_comp 1105.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_13\13_US_comp 1106.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_13\13_US_comp 1106.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_13\13_US_comp 1107.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_13\13_US_comp 1107.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_13\13_US_comp 1108.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_13\13_US_comp 1108.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_13\13_US_comp 1109.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_13\13_US_comp 1109.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_13\13_US_comp 1110.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_13\13_US_comp 1110.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_13\13_US_comp 1111.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_13\13_US_comp 1111.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_13\13_US_comp 1112.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_13\13_US_comp 1112.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_13\13_US_comp 1113.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_13\13_US_comp 1113.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_13\13_US_comp 1114.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_13\13_US_comp 1114.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_13\13_US_comp 1115.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_13\13_US_comp 1115.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_13\13_US_comp 1116.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_13\13_US_comp 1116.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_13\13_US_comp 1117.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_13\13_US_comp 1117.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_13\13_US_comp 1118.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_13\13_US_comp 1118.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_13\13_US_comp 1119.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_13\13_US_comp 1119.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_13\13_US_comp 1120.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_13\13_US_comp 1120.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_13\13_US_comp 1121.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_13\13_US_comp 1121.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_13\13_US_comp 1122.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_13\13_US_comp 1122.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_13\13_US_comp 1123.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_13\13_US_comp 1123.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_13\13_US_comp 1124.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_13\13_US_comp 1124.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_13\13_US_comp 1125.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_13\13_US_comp 1125.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_13\13_US_comp 1126.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_13\13_US_comp 1126.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_13\13_US_comp 1127.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_13\13_US_comp 1127.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_13\13_US_comp 1128.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_13\13_US_comp 1128.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_13\13_US_comp 1129.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_13\13_US_comp 1129.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_13\13_US_comp 1130.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_13\13_US_comp 1130.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_13\13_US_comp 1131.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_13\13_US_comp 1131.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_13\13_US_comp 1132.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_13\13_US_comp 1132.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_13\13_US_comp 1133.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_13\13_US_comp 1133.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_13\13_US_comp 1134.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_13\13_US_comp 1134.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_13\13_US_comp 1973.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_13\13_US_comp 1973.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_13\13_US_comp 1974.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_13\13_US_comp 1974.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_13\13_US_comp 1975.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_13\13_US_comp 1975.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_13\13_US_comp 1976.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_13\13_US_comp 1976.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_13\13_US_comp 1977.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_13\13_US_comp 1977.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_13\13_US_comp 1978.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_13\13_US_comp 1978.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_13\13_US_comp 1979.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_13\13_US_comp 1979.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_13\13_US_comp 1980.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_13\13_US_comp 1980.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_13\13_US_comp 1981.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_13\13_US_comp 1981.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_13\13_US_comp 1982.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_13\13_US_comp 1982.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_13\13_US_comp 1983.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_13\13_US_comp 1983.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_13\13_US_comp 1984.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_13\13_US_comp 1984.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_13\13_US_comp 1985.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_13\13_US_comp 1985.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_13\13_US_comp 1986.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_13\13_US_comp 1986.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_13\13_US_comp 1987.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_13\13_US_comp 1987.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_13\13_US_comp 1988.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_13\13_US_comp 1988.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_13\13_US_comp 1989.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_13\13_US_comp 1989.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_13\13_US_comp 1990.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_13\13_US_comp 1990.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_13\13_US_comp 1991.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_13\13_US_comp 1991.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_13\13_US_comp 1992.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_13\13_US_comp 1992.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_13\13_US_comp 1993.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_13\13_US_comp 1993.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_13\13_US_comp 1994.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_13\13_US_comp 1994.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_13\13_US_comp 1995.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_13\13_US_comp 1995.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_13\13_US_comp 1996.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_13\13_US_comp 1996.png
folder: thyroid_14
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_14\14_US_comp 1.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_14\14_US_comp 1.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_14\14_US_comp 1001.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_14\14_US_comp 1001.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_14\14_US_comp 1002.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_14\14_US_comp 1002.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_14\14_US_comp 1003.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_14\14_US_comp 1003.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_14\14_US_comp 1004.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_14\14_US_comp 1004.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_14\14_US_comp 1005.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_14\14_US_comp 1005.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_14\14_US_comp 1006.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_14\14_US_comp 1006.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_14\14_US_comp 1007.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_14\14_US_comp 1007.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_14\14_US_comp 1008.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_14\14_US_comp 1008.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_14\14_US_comp 1009.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_14\14_US_comp 1009.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_14\14_US_comp 1010.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_14\14_US_comp 1010.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_14\14_US_comp 1011.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_14\14_US_comp 1011.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_14\14_US_comp 1012.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_14\14_US_comp 1012.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_14\14_US_comp 1013.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_14\14_US_comp 1013.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_14\14_US_comp 1014.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_14\14_US_comp 1014.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_14\14_US_comp 1015.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_14\14_US_comp 1015.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_14\14_US_comp 1016.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_14\14_US_comp 1016.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_14\14_US_comp 1017.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_14\14_US_comp 1017.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_14\14_US_comp 1018.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_14\14_US_comp 1018.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_14\14_US_comp 1019.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_14\14_US_comp 1019.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_14\14_US_comp 1020.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_14\14_US_comp 1020.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_14\14_US_comp 1021.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_14\14_US_comp 1021.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_14\14_US_comp 1022.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_14\14_US_comp 1022.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_14\14_US_comp 1023.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_14\14_US_comp 1023.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_14\14_US_comp 1024.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_14\14_US_comp 1024.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_14\14_US_comp 1025.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_14\14_US_comp 1025.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_14\14_US_comp 1026.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_14\14_US_comp 1026.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_14\14_US_comp 1027.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_14\14_US_comp 1027.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_14\14_US_comp 1028.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_14\14_US_comp 1028.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_14\14_US_comp 1029.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_14\14_US_comp 1029.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_14\14_US_comp 1030.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_14\14_US_comp 1030.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_14\14_US_comp 1031.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_14\14_US_comp 1031.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_14\14_US_comp 1032.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_14\14_US_comp 1032.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_14\14_US_comp 1033.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_14\14_US_comp 1033.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_14\14_US_comp 1034.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_14\14_US_comp 1034.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_14\14_US_comp 1035.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_14\14_US_comp 1035.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_14\14_US_comp 1036.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_14\14_US_comp 1036.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_14\14_US_comp 1037.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_14\14_US_comp 1037.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_14\14_US_comp 1038.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_14\14_US_comp 1038.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_14\14_US_comp 1039.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_14\14_US_comp 1039.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_14\14_US_comp 1040.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_14\14_US_comp 1040.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_14\14_US_comp 1041.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_14\14_US_comp 1041.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_14\14_US_comp 1042.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_14\14_US_comp 1042.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_14\14_US_comp 1043.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_14\14_US_comp 1043.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_14\14_US_comp 1044.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_14\14_US_comp 1044.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_14\14_US_comp 1045.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_14\14_US_comp 1045.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_14\14_US_comp 1046.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_14\14_US_comp 1046.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_14\14_US_comp 1047.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_14\14_US_comp 1047.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_14\14_US_comp 1048.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_14\14_US_comp 1048.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_14\14_US_comp 1049.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_14\14_US_comp 1049.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_14\14_US_comp 1050.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_14\14_US_comp 1050.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_14\14_US_comp 1051.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_14\14_US_comp 1051.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_14\14_US_comp 1052.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_14\14_US_comp 1052.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_14\14_US_comp 1053.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_14\14_US_comp 1053.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_14\14_US_comp 1054.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_14\14_US_comp 1054.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_14\14_US_comp 1055.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_14\14_US_comp 1055.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_14\14_US_comp 1056.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_14\14_US_comp 1056.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_14\14_US_comp 1057.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_14\14_US_comp 1057.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_14\14_US_comp 1058.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_14\14_US_comp 1058.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_14\14_US_comp 1059.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_14\14_US_comp 1059.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_14\14_US_comp 1060.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_14\14_US_comp 1060.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_14\14_US_comp 1061.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_14\14_US_comp 1061.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_14\14_US_comp 1062.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_14\14_US_comp 1062.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_14\14_US_comp 1063.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_14\14_US_comp 1063.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_14\14_US_comp 1064.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_14\14_US_comp 1064.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_14\14_US_comp 1065.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_14\14_US_comp 1065.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_14\14_US_comp 1066.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_14\14_US_comp 1066.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_14\14_US_comp 1067.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_14\14_US_comp 1067.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_14\14_US_comp 1068.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_14\14_US_comp 1068.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_14\14_US_comp 1069.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_14\14_US_comp 1069.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_14\14_US_comp 1070.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_14\14_US_comp 1070.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_14\14_US_comp 1071.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_14\14_US_comp 1071.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_14\14_US_comp 1072.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_14\14_US_comp 1072.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_14\14_US_comp 1073.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_14\14_US_comp 1073.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_14\14_US_comp 1074.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_14\14_US_comp 1074.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_14\14_US_comp 1075.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_14\14_US_comp 1075.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_14\14_US_comp 1076.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_14\14_US_comp 1076.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_14\14_US_comp 1077.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_14\14_US_comp 1077.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_14\14_US_comp 1078.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_14\14_US_comp 1078.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_14\14_US_comp 1079.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_14\14_US_comp 1079.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_14\14_US_comp 1080.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_14\14_US_comp 1080.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_14\14_US_comp 1081.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_14\14_US_comp 1081.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_14\14_US_comp 1082.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_14\14_US_comp 1082.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_14\14_US_comp 1083.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_14\14_US_comp 1083.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_14\14_US_comp 1798.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_14\14_US_comp 1798.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_14\14_US_comp 1799.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_14\14_US_comp 1799.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_14\14_US_comp 1800.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_14\14_US_comp 1800.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_14\14_US_comp 1801.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_14\14_US_comp 1801.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_14\14_US_comp 1802.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_14\14_US_comp 1802.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_14\14_US_comp 1803.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_14\14_US_comp 1803.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_14\14_US_comp 1804.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_14\14_US_comp 1804.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_14\14_US_comp 1805.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_14\14_US_comp 1805.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_14\14_US_comp 1806.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_14\14_US_comp 1806.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_14\14_US_comp 1807.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_14\14_US_comp 1807.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_14\14_US_comp 1808.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_14\14_US_comp 1808.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_14\14_US_comp 1809.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_14\14_US_comp 1809.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_14\14_US_comp 1810.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_14\14_US_comp 1810.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_14\14_US_comp 1811.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_14\14_US_comp 1811.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_14\14_US_comp 1812.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_14\14_US_comp 1812.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_14\14_US_comp 1813.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_14\14_US_comp 1813.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_14\14_US_comp 1814.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_14\14_US_comp 1814.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_14\14_US_comp 1815.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_14\14_US_comp 1815.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_14\14_US_comp 1816.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_14\14_US_comp 1816.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_14\14_US_comp 1817.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_14\14_US_comp 1817.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_14\14_US_comp 1818.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_14\14_US_comp 1818.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_14\14_US_comp 1819.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_14\14_US_comp 1819.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_14\14_US_comp 1820.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_14\14_US_comp 1820.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_14\14_US_comp 1821.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_14\14_US_comp 1821.png
folder: thyroid_15
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_15\15_US_comp 1.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_15\15_US_comp 1.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_15\15_US_comp 1001.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_15\15_US_comp 1001.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_15\15_US_comp 1002.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_15\15_US_comp 1002.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_15\15_US_comp 1003.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_15\15_US_comp 1003.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_15\15_US_comp 1004.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_15\15_US_comp 1004.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_15\15_US_comp 1005.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_15\15_US_comp 1005.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_15\15_US_comp 1006.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_15\15_US_comp 1006.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_15\15_US_comp 1007.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_15\15_US_comp 1007.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_15\15_US_comp 1008.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_15\15_US_comp 1008.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_15\15_US_comp 1009.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_15\15_US_comp 1009.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_15\15_US_comp 1010.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_15\15_US_comp 1010.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_15\15_US_comp 1011.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_15\15_US_comp 1011.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_15\15_US_comp 1012.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_15\15_US_comp 1012.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_15\15_US_comp 1013.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_15\15_US_comp 1013.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_15\15_US_comp 1014.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_15\15_US_comp 1014.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_15\15_US_comp 1015.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_15\15_US_comp 1015.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_15\15_US_comp 1016.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_15\15_US_comp 1016.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_15\15_US_comp 1017.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_15\15_US_comp 1017.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_15\15_US_comp 1018.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_15\15_US_comp 1018.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_15\15_US_comp 1019.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_15\15_US_comp 1019.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_15\15_US_comp 1020.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_15\15_US_comp 1020.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_15\15_US_comp 1021.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_15\15_US_comp 1021.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_15\15_US_comp 1022.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_15\15_US_comp 1022.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_15\15_US_comp 1023.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_15\15_US_comp 1023.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_15\15_US_comp 1024.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_15\15_US_comp 1024.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_15\15_US_comp 1025.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_15\15_US_comp 1025.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_15\15_US_comp 1026.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_15\15_US_comp 1026.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_15\15_US_comp 1027.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_15\15_US_comp 1027.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_15\15_US_comp 1028.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_15\15_US_comp 1028.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_15\15_US_comp 1029.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_15\15_US_comp 1029.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_15\15_US_comp 1030.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_15\15_US_comp 1030.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_15\15_US_comp 1031.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_15\15_US_comp 1031.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_15\15_US_comp 1032.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_15\15_US_comp 1032.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_15\15_US_comp 1033.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_15\15_US_comp 1033.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_15\15_US_comp 1034.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_15\15_US_comp 1034.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_15\15_US_comp 1035.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_15\15_US_comp 1035.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_15\15_US_comp 1036.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_15\15_US_comp 1036.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_15\15_US_comp 1037.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_15\15_US_comp 1037.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_15\15_US_comp 1038.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_15\15_US_comp 1038.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_15\15_US_comp 1039.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_15\15_US_comp 1039.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_15\15_US_comp 1040.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_15\15_US_comp 1040.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_15\15_US_comp 1041.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_15\15_US_comp 1041.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_15\15_US_comp 1042.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_15\15_US_comp 1042.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_15\15_US_comp 1043.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_15\15_US_comp 1043.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_15\15_US_comp 1044.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_15\15_US_comp 1044.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_15\15_US_comp 1045.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_15\15_US_comp 1045.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_15\15_US_comp 1046.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_15\15_US_comp 1046.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_15\15_US_comp 1047.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_15\15_US_comp 1047.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_15\15_US_comp 1048.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_15\15_US_comp 1048.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_15\15_US_comp 1049.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_15\15_US_comp 1049.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_15\15_US_comp 1050.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_15\15_US_comp 1050.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_15\15_US_comp 1051.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_15\15_US_comp 1051.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_15\15_US_comp 1052.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_15\15_US_comp 1052.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_15\15_US_comp 1053.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_15\15_US_comp 1053.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_15\15_US_comp 1054.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_15\15_US_comp 1054.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_15\15_US_comp 1055.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_15\15_US_comp 1055.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_15\15_US_comp 1056.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_15\15_US_comp 1056.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_15\15_US_comp 1057.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_15\15_US_comp 1057.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_15\15_US_comp 1058.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_15\15_US_comp 1058.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_15\15_US_comp 1059.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_15\15_US_comp 1059.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_15\15_US_comp 1060.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_15\15_US_comp 1060.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_15\15_US_comp 1061.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_15\15_US_comp 1061.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_15\15_US_comp 1062.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_15\15_US_comp 1062.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_15\15_US_comp 1063.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_15\15_US_comp 1063.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_15\15_US_comp 1064.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_15\15_US_comp 1064.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_15\15_US_comp 1065.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_15\15_US_comp 1065.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_15\15_US_comp 1066.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_15\15_US_comp 1066.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_15\15_US_comp 1067.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_15\15_US_comp 1067.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_15\15_US_comp 1068.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_15\15_US_comp 1068.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_15\15_US_comp 1069.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_15\15_US_comp 1069.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_15\15_US_comp 1070.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_15\15_US_comp 1070.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_15\15_US_comp 1071.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_15\15_US_comp 1071.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_15\15_US_comp 1072.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_15\15_US_comp 1072.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_15\15_US_comp 1073.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_15\15_US_comp 1073.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_15\15_US_comp 1074.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_15\15_US_comp 1074.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_15\15_US_comp 1075.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_15\15_US_comp 1075.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_15\15_US_comp 1076.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_15\15_US_comp 1076.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_15\15_US_comp 1077.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_15\15_US_comp 1077.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_15\15_US_comp 1078.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_15\15_US_comp 1078.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_15\15_US_comp 1079.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_15\15_US_comp 1079.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_15\15_US_comp 1080.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_15\15_US_comp 1080.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_15\15_US_comp 1081.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_15\15_US_comp 1081.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_15\15_US_comp 1082.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_15\15_US_comp 1082.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_15\15_US_comp 1083.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_15\15_US_comp 1083.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_15\15_US_comp 1084.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_15\15_US_comp 1084.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_15\15_US_comp 1085.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_15\15_US_comp 1085.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_15\15_US_comp 1086.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_15\15_US_comp 1086.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_15\15_US_comp 1087.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_15\15_US_comp 1087.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_15\15_US_comp 1088.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_15\15_US_comp 1088.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_15\15_US_comp 1089.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_15\15_US_comp 1089.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_15\15_US_comp 1090.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_15\15_US_comp 1090.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_15\15_US_comp 1091.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_15\15_US_comp 1091.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_15\15_US_comp 1092.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_15\15_US_comp 1092.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_15\15_US_comp 1093.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_15\15_US_comp 1093.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_15\15_US_comp 1094.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_15\15_US_comp 1094.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_15\15_US_comp 1095.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_15\15_US_comp 1095.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_15\15_US_comp 1096.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_15\15_US_comp 1096.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_15\15_US_comp 1097.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_15\15_US_comp 1097.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_15\15_US_comp 1098.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_15\15_US_comp 1098.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_15\15_US_comp 1099.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_15\15_US_comp 1099.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_15\15_US_comp 1100.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_15\15_US_comp 1100.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_15\15_US_comp 1101.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_15\15_US_comp 1101.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_15\15_US_comp 1102.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_15\15_US_comp 1102.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_15\15_US_comp 1617.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_15\15_US_comp 1617.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_15\15_US_comp 1618.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_15\15_US_comp 1618.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_15\15_US_comp 1619.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_15\15_US_comp 1619.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_15\15_US_comp 1620.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_15\15_US_comp 1620.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_15\15_US_comp 1621.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_15\15_US_comp 1621.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_15\15_US_comp 1622.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_15\15_US_comp 1622.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_15\15_US_comp 1623.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_15\15_US_comp 1623.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_15\15_US_comp 1624.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_15\15_US_comp 1624.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_15\15_US_comp 1625.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_15\15_US_comp 1625.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_15\15_US_comp 1626.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_15\15_US_comp 1626.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_15\15_US_comp 1627.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_15\15_US_comp 1627.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_15\15_US_comp 1628.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_15\15_US_comp 1628.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_15\15_US_comp 1629.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_15\15_US_comp 1629.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_15\15_US_comp 1630.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_15\15_US_comp 1630.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_15\15_US_comp 1631.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_15\15_US_comp 1631.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_15\15_US_comp 1632.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_15\15_US_comp 1632.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_15\15_US_comp 1633.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_15\15_US_comp 1633.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_15\15_US_comp 1634.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_15\15_US_comp 1634.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_15\15_US_comp 1635.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_15\15_US_comp 1635.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_15\15_US_comp 1636.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_15\15_US_comp 1636.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_15\15_US_comp 1637.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_15\15_US_comp 1637.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_15\15_US_comp 1638.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_15\15_US_comp 1638.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_15\15_US_comp 1639.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_15\15_US_comp 1639.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_15\15_US_comp 1640.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_15\15_US_comp 1640.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_15\15_US_comp 1641.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_15\15_US_comp 1641.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_15\15_US_comp 1642.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_15\15_US_comp 1642.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_15\15_US_comp 1643.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_15\15_US_comp 1643.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_15\15_US_comp 1644.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_15\15_US_comp 1644.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_15\15_US_comp 1645.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_15\15_US_comp 1645.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_15\15_US_comp 1646.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_15\15_US_comp 1646.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_15\15_US_comp 1647.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_15\15_US_comp 1647.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_15\15_US_comp 1648.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_15\15_US_comp 1648.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_15\15_US_comp 1649.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_15\15_US_comp 1649.png
deleted volume slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/volume_slices\thyroid_15\15_US_comp 1650.png
deleted segm slice: C:/Users/Tmenova/personal/tum/thesis/initial-data/thyroid_compounded/segmentation_slices\thyroid_15\15_US_comp 1650.png